MATT: (laughter) God damn it! Welcome to tonight's
episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us
nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play
Dungeons & Dragons.
(howling)
MATT: We are unfortunately down one Laura Bailey
tonight because she got the con plague from
Chicago, and she needs a little baby to take care
of, so she's going to be at home, watching and
texting these guys if they do anything really
wrong with Jester.
ASHLEY: Please, just come.
LIAM: We almost had three women at this table.
MATT: Almost. But we have Ashley back. Back back
for a while now. So happy you've returned.
ASHLEY: Me too.
MATT: Before we jump into the game, we have some
announcements to get to tonight. First and
foremost, we have our sponsor tonight, D&D Beyond.
Sam, if you want to take it from here.
SAM: Okay. Let's see if we can do this. Good luck.
You know, the best part about D&D Beyond is
keeping track of your important stuff. And there's
one important thing we keep losing: Ashley
Johnson. Please put this on. So I'm proud to give
you the first ever D&D Beyond Presents: The Mighty
Nein Welcome Back Yasha Ceremony, featuring Ashley
Johnson, everybody. Maestro, hit it. Oh, there's
the award show music. I'm your host, D&D Beyond
presents Sam Riegel, and we're going to go around
the room super fast to honor Ashley's triumphant
return. Didn't work. First up is Travis. None of
them work. First up is Travis with a toast.
TRAVIS: When I drink to you, Ashley, my heart is
as full as my glass.
SAM: That's enough! There's no time! We got to
keep going! I can't do it! Do it for me! Now we're
going to go to Taliesin with a song.
TALIESIN: (singing) Should auld acquaintance be
forgot, and--
SAM: That's enough! Marisha has a poem prepared!
MARISHA: Welcome back, Ashley, good friend of
mine, goodbye Blindspot, hello Nein!
(cheering)
SAM: And finally, Liam prepared an old Irish
blessing!
LIAM: (Irish accent) Oh may the road rise up to
meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May
the sun shine warm upon your face--
SAM: Okay, that's enough, we don't have time.
Ashley, you are a good and creative person, and
D&D Beyond wants you to honor the good-- D&D
Beyond wants to honor the goodness and creativity
of the fine folks at 826LA by kicking off the
826LA charity push.
(cheering)
SAM: For every nat one rolled by us, D&D Beyond
will be donating a hundred dollars-- Is that
true?-- to 826LA! Also, D&D Beyond is
retroactively donating for all the nat ones we've
rolled so far in this campaign!
LIAM: So many!
SAM: That's like 4200 bucks! But there's
more. Once we hit the 10,000 dollar donation tier
level-- I don't really understand this part--
Critters will unlock a special discount code for
the legendary bundle on D&D Beyond!
(cheering)
(laughter)
TRAVIS: It's totally not toxic.
LIAM: It's in my drink!
SAM: Was this all planned for Ashley's return? No!
This was planned far before! But hey, it sure
feels like it. So from all of us at the table, and
the guys at D&D Beyond: Welcome back, Ashley.
(cheering)
ASHLEY: D&D Beyond!
TRAVIS: 826LA!
MATT: Everyone at Wyrmwood watching just cringed
as we showered the table.
MARISHA: Here, Ashley, I'm going to tie it to your
chair like we're at Applebee's.
LIAM: Low, don't let them set the lights on fire.
SAM: Oh, I forgot to give you your award of
excellence. It's from Jurassic World.
ASHLEY: Yes! Oh, guys, come on, this is the best!
LIAM: My Wyrmwood has never looked so festive.
TALIESIN: This is the most festive D&D game I've
ever experienced.
LIAM: I didn't shoot my silly string, because it's
hair spray.
TALIESIN: You were supposed to have a lighter
too.
SAM: Wait, it's hairspray?
TRAVIS: Yes it is.
TALIESIN: I didn't even look at mine! That could
have gone so poorly!
SAM: I think I bought the wrong thing at the
store!
MATT: We almost had an actual Burning Hands
example on script. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for
helping with our wonderful push for 826. We'll
have a video at the break today to show and
explain some of the stuff involved with this whole
charity push for 826, so look for that at the break.
ASHLEY: Oh man, I love you guys.
MARISHA: So go pee, but watch it at the break,
it's really important.
MATT: A couple of things some of you may have
noticed, but if you haven't--we have a fantastic
partnership with Obsidian for the upcoming Pillars
of Eternity II: Deadfire, where number one the
cast of Critical Role have been cast throughout
the game as a number of the main characters in the
story. I'm returning as mine and we have everyone
else joining the awesome personalities all
throughout Deadfire and on top of that you will
have free DLC unlocked for custom voice sets and
character portraits of Vox Machina, including
Gilmore, available to use in the game.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: First time ever.
SAM: Who's voicing Gilmore?
MATT: I think Max is voicing-- No, I'm voicing
Gilmore. We're super excited, they look amazing,
and we're excited for you guys to check it out.
You can go ahead and pre-order now at
versusevil.com/criticalrole to pre-order the game
if you want to check it out. I love the series and
I'm super excited for the sequel, completely
unbiased and then biased--hell yeah.
LIAM: Recording Vox Machina and Gilmore lines was
sur-real!
MATT: That was the most surreal thing.
LIAM: It was so good!
MATT: So crazy.
LIAM: Travis's might have been my favorite. It was
fun.
MATT: All right, 826LA did you make it all through
everything there?
SAM: I did! It was kind of chaotic, but they're
donating for natural ones, they are retroactively
donating for natural ones.
MATT: Did you get to the matching the dollar
amount?
SAM: Oh no! Is that the 10k thing? I was confused.
MATT: We do have a video at the break, but we have
a fantastic critter who is going to be matching
every dollar donated to the charity as well up to
40K. Great stuff! Twitch Prime: if you have an
Amazon Prime account, then you can combine it with
your Twitch account. And thus, you can subscribe
for free to a channel of your choice on Twitch
once each month. So check it out. If you've ever
wanted to go support your favorite streamers out
there you can do it for free through Twitch Prime.
We have new Twitch emotes available for being
subscribers including some fun ones based on the
new campaign! So we also have a Nein emote for
our $10 subscription.
ALL: Nein!
SAM: Spend ten, get nine.
ASHLEY: I have a Pike one, because we haven't
established what Yasha's thing is yet.
TALIESIN: It's hard to show off eyeliner.
LIAM: A sliced-up corpse victim, maybe?
SAM: She's the absence of emoji.
ASHLEY: We'll figure out who she is together.
MATT: Also if you need a refresher for campaign
two, Critical Recap. The first 13 episodes of our
new show are recapped now through Critical Recap
on YouTube. Our fantastic Dani Carr is the host,
check it out if you or anyone of your friends want
to get caught up really quickly to watch live.
Talks Machina from our recently paroled Brian W.
Foster will be hosting this upcoming Tuesday at
7:00pm Pacific on Twitch and Project Alpha about
tonight's episode. Check it out, we'll have some
guests from the show on there to talk about what
transpires tonight. Of course, the podcast of last
week's episode is also for download where all fine
podcasts (laughs) are available.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I'm not moving it.
MATT: We've made a huge mistake.
TRAVIS: I'm not touching it.
(laughter)
MATT: Available where all fine podcasts are
downloadable to get caught up in the campaign
audio-wise. Issue six! Our final issue of the
six-run Vox Machina: Origins series is going to be
available for download April 16th on Dark Horse's
digital download platform for comics, ComiXology,
and many other places. Check it out, and I hope
you enjoy the finale of this six issue run. I
think that's enough! We've talked about enough
there. With that being said, folks, let's go ahead
and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role!
Goddamn it!
[click, TV static]
[groovy Critical Role theme]
MATT: And welcome back. Last we left off, the
Mighty Nein had gotten caught up with some
interesting folks, the Knights of Requital, who
had hoped to help shift the political balance in
the city, remove the framing and forging of
equipment, of materials and letters, some of the
corrupt individuals of the local government. They had
gone out into the evening, infiltrated a few of
the homes and left this information behind, gotten
in a few scuffles, leaving one of them, the
High-Richter, dead, and shortly after there was an
attack on the Tri-Spire. What are you looking at,
Sam? God damn it.
LIAM: That's it! You're in the clear.
MATT: I'll remember this (laughs). Noticing there
was seemingly an attack upon the Tri-Spire by two
Xhorhasian assassin-type individuals, you met with
one in the sewer trying to escape from being seen
by the local guard during this confrontation and
did battle with a Crick warrior of some kind. You
subdued it, removed most of its equipment, and
conflicted over this strange artifact, this beacon
that it was carrying, sent it on its way; however,
it was quickly caught by the guard and killed. You
met, on the surface, the guard that were bringing
the corpse and the object along, managed to spirit
away the strange dodecahedron from the grasp of
the town guard and absconded with it. You met with
Dolan and Horris who're currently trying to figure
out what to do in case they were somehow
implicated with the events of the evening. You
took Horris under your wing, promising Dolan that
you would somehow smuggle him out of the city as
it's currently on lockdown during this
investigation. You all then managed to try and
find some sort of lead on what the next step would
be, went toward the Evening Nip apparently to seek
possibly this individual known as The Gentlemen of
which you have heard of previously as Kara, one of
the members of the Knights of Requital, who had
vanished seemingly had some sort of connection
there. So you entered the Evening Nip, the rather
dark and strange interior of the small dive bar,
gave the previously discovered words, the code
words that allowed you entry and were led down a
long spiral staircase beneath the establishment
into a subterranean bar. Upon which, after
immediately stepping into the space, a
black-furred female tabaxi approached Mollymauk
over here and with a look of recognition said,
"Lucien," and then embraced you. And that's where
we left off.
TRAVIS: (shouting) Fucking insight check on
Taliesin! No, I'm kidding.
MATT: So as you guys all watch this dark-furred
tabaxi giving this big, strong hug around
Mollymauk's shoulders. Pulls away and looks at you
and goes, "It has been too long, two ye--"
TALIESIN: Far too long!
MATT: "Two years! (laughs) Look at you! You
grew out your hair!"
TALIESIN: Ah yes, it's been quite an interesting
two years.
MATT: "And you are covered in tattoos!"
TALIESIN: We'll catch up, we need a table, we need
drinks for me and my compatriots.
MATT: "Of course, you-- these are your friends
now?"
TALIESIN: It's a long story and I can't tell you
everything right now. You know how it is.
MATT: "Very well." As the tabaxi turns around, you
can see there is posted right off to the right and
around the corner a hulking figure that has leaned
around the edge that leads into this L-shaped
tavern. A hefty, muscular ogre that is wearing
patchwork hide armor and holding a giant maul
resting on the ground, looks back around the
corner with these beady, dark eyes and large,
looming jaw with angry broken teeth protruding
from underneath going (snorts). Looks at the rest
of you. Other folks around are looking a bit
confused at your entry. Right immediately to your
left is a table with a rough-and-tumble looking
cutthroat sitting there eating a sandwich with a
half-drunken drink, who's chewing slowly with this
glare of mistrust in your direction. There are two
balconies up above you in the chamber. You now get
a better look up at the top, there are a number of
individuals posted and some of them appear to be
drinking, but there is at least one of them
immediately in your view who has two skulking
looking individuals with long dark cloaks and dark
armor, carrying what looks almost like a heavy
crossbow, but it's a long, metal rod. You've only seen
them in use here and there, but these are some
sort of a rifle-like firearm that are usually
reserved for the armies and Bladegarden and to the
far east of Xhorhas. A recently emerging
technology that has been largely guarded within
use of the empire itself.
TALIESIN: Literally everything coming back to
haunt me. Okay, cool.
TRAVIS: If we had to ballpark it, how many persons
would you say are in this?
MATT: 13 or so people in this tavern,
including the bartender, the individual who rushed
to you as you entered, and various patrons around
that you can get a quick bead on.
TALIESIN: The second she turns, I'm going to turn
and give Fjord a little pat on the back and make a
whisper really quickly.
MATT: Okay.
SAM: Make a whisper?
TALIESIN: Yeah, I'm gonna whisper in Fjord's ear--
I'm sorry, this is my nightmare, please just go
with it? It's Lucien. And I'm back around. Pass it
on.
MATT: Okay, which as soon as you say that, you
back away and look right behind Fjord as you all
are standing there. There's Yasha.
SAM: Oh, what?
TALIESIN: (nervous laugh)
SAM: Just at the bar?
MATT: No, right behind you as if she had just come
down the stairs with you.
SAM: What?
TALIESIN: Yasha!
SAM: (shrieks)
ASHLEY: Hey! So?
TALIESIN: I'm apparently Lucien from two years
ago. From two years ago. It's Lucien, remember?
It's been ages!
ASHLEY: Okay, it's been a minute. Hey, you guys
walked right past me in the bar upstairs so I
decided to--
LIAM: You are like a bad penny.
SAM: We did not walk right past you! We looked
around! You're big, we would have seen you!
ASHLEY: I've been right behind you the whole time,
I don't know how you didn't know I was here.
TALIESIN: I'm so glad to see you.
ASHLEY: I'm glad to see you too, Mollymauk.
TALIESIN: It's Lucien. It's Lucien.
ASHLEY: It's Lucien!
LIAM: There's nothing private about our situation
at all, right? There's people everywhere?
MATT: Well, there's people all throughout the
tavern, but there's some music playing. There's
two musicians that are in the process of plucking
away at two instruments. Everyone seems further in
the chamber, rather absorbed in their current
rigmarole, but you guys have just stepped down the
stairs. You haven't left the stairs. You are
literally standing right at the entrance of this
tavern and you've all been taken aback by that
encounter, the realization that Yasha had followed
you down the stairs, and whatever is about to
transpire.
TALIESIN: I'll explain later, just go with it
please?
MARISHA: Oh, Yasha followed us, she wasn't
starting down here.
MATT: No.
MARISHA: Gotcha.
TRAVIS: I don't mind rolling with this name
Lucien, but does it bring any extra trouble with it?
TALIESIN: I don't know. We'll find out.
TRAVIS: Fair enough.
TALIESIN: Just go with it, I'll explain later.
TRAVIS: All right.
LIAM: And it all makes sense to you?
TALIESIN: I'll explain later!
MARISHA: This club is awesome!
TALIESIN: I hate you.
SAM: Do I have to change my name in this club?
MARISHA: Are we all supposed to change our names?
SAM: We should all come up with different names.
TALIESIN: It might be easier just to have them all
killed right now-- I didn't say that out loud. I
didn't say that out loud. I'm just thinking out
loud, oh, god. It's going to be fine, I'm not
panicking.
MARISHA and TALIESIN: Let's go get drinks!
MATT: At this point, a hand claps and the tabaxi
is now at one of the tables and has shooed off one
of the drinks and goes, "This way, I found a table
for everyone."
TALIESIN: Come, sit down. I give the tabaxi
another hug as we sit down. How have you been?
It's been ages!
MATT: "Oh, too long. I apologize for using your
old name. Nonagon, it is a pleasure to see you again."
TRAVIS: Not a chance. I didn't catch that at all.
MATT: Nonagon was what you heard.
MARISHA: Nonagon.
SAM: That's the tabaxi, not the ogre?
MATT: No, the tabaxi said that.
TALIESIN: That's my name.
MARISHA: Wait.
TRAVIS: Lucien Nonagon.
MATT: Basically what was said was, "I'm sorry for
saying your old name, Nonagon." Was correcting
Lucien to Mollymauk.
MARISHA: Wait, is Nonagon like a slang for-- or
like a word for sorry?
MATT: You don't know.
TALIESIN: Who can keep track these days? Again, a
long story.
MATT: "Nonagon, what happened? We watched you
die."
TALIESIN: That is a story for another day and
another drink. What did you see? God, I don't
know what that looked like from the other end of
things.
MATT "Well, it all went belly up two years ago.
You told us to scatter and vanish if it didn't--
"if things went wrong and wait until you returned.
We buried your ass in the woods outside of the
"hideout, I mean-- "
TALIESIN: It may not have necessarily been my ass
that you buried.
MATT: "Apparently."
TALIESIN: I had a few tricks up my sleeve.
MATT: (laughs) "Well, that spell-spitter
lady from the capital. She said you were gone, she
"took the book and left, and her contract said
she was in the right and that we knew better than
"to go toe to toe with her and her ilk."
TALIESIN: Obviously. Is everybody else all right?
I know it has been a while. I had to stay
underground.
MATT: "Unfortunately, Jurrel met with the axe of
the law shortly after you left us."
TALIESIN: Damn shame.
MATT: "Zoran, Ottis, and Tyffial have all
scattered amongst the empire..."
TALIESIN: Damn shame.
MATT: "But, do you want me to find the others?"
TALIESIN: No, actually I'm--
MATT: "I know where Tyffial is!"
TALIESIN: Where is Tyffial? I would rather
obviously deliver everything in person. Honestly
if I had known you were here I would've made
arrangements. I didn't want to shock you.
MATT: "She's up in Nogvurot. We can travel there,
I can send a message and have her come down to us."
TALIESIN: I'm working on something very delicate,
I need everything to be very quiet.
MATT: "Very well, Nonagon."
LIAM: I apologize, I'm not very observant. I
missed your name.
TALIESIN: Where are my manners?
MATT: "My apologies. My name is Cree."
LIAM: Cree?
MATT: "I am a member of the, well, the family
around-- how much do they know?"
SAM: We know a lot!
ASHLEY: We pretty much know all of it, so.
SAM: We were told the name of the group that you
traveled with, but I can't remember it now.
TALIESIN: They don't know a lot, but they're
trustworthy. I've been putting my trust in them so far.
ASHLEY: I do, I know all of it, so you can just
tell me if you want to.
TALIESIN: That's actually fair.
MATT: Make a deception check, both of you.
SAM: Me?
MATT: Yeah.
SAM: I'm the worst. 13.
TALIESIN: Technically advantage because it's kind
of the truth?
MATT: Technically? All right, sure, I'll give you
that.
ASHLEY: I got a ten, but technically I know-- I'm
rolling at advantage?
TALIESIN: Yeah, I think that's advantage. I begged
for advantage on that one.
MATT: I'll give you that.
ASHLEY: 16.
TALIESIN: Okay, thank you.
MATT: "Well, we were all part of the same order at
one point, and we splintered off. Luci-- Nonagon
"had a different path in mind for us, so we went
north to Shady Creek Run and we started the Tomb
"Takers. It's just so good to see you."
TALIESIN: It's good to be seen again. But again,
it's got to be very quiet right now. It's been
like three other names since the last time I saw
you.
MATT: "I should inform the others."
TALIESIN: Please, keep it quiet for now. That book
caused more trouble than you think, and it all
laid on my shoulders. I was trying to protect the
rest of you from some of the worst elements of
that and I don't want any heat dropping on anybody
who doesn't know what's coming yet.
MATT: "Of course."
TALIESIN: But let me know where they are and I'll
get a hold of them. But don't let them know why yet.
MATT: The tabaxi curls in a little bit, leans over
the table towards you with this big grin and says,
"Does this mean that it worked?"
TALIESIN: (sighs) That's, again, mixed company and
public company.
SAM: No, you can tell us about the ritual!
Ritual?
MATT: There's a look of recognition.
SAM: Yes, it was successful! Remind me what it was
again? There's been so many rituals lately!
TALIESIN: Mixed results.
LIAM: You were mentioning this group, the Tomb
Takers. You had another name before. Were you a
group and our friend joined you at some point?
MATT: "Well, he led us away from the original
order. They were a bit... clouded. We had a new path."
TRAVIS: Wow.
MARISHA: And what was the name of the original
order you were a part of?
SAM: Not the Tomb Takers, that was the splinter
group, right?
LIAM: The one that came before.
MATT: There's a few looks now of-- the euphoria is
washing away from the face.
TALIESIN: You don't have to tell them anything you
don't want to tell them, that's all right.
ASHLEY: Was he your new path?
MATT: "He brought us onto a new path, yes."
LIAM: What was your unifying trait or pursuit?
TALIESIN: Foolishness in thinking I knew what I
was doing.
SAM: That is not a good answer!
TALIESIN: That's the answer you're getting.
TRAVIS: This is all well and good and kind of
fucking boring. I couldn't help but notice that
surly-looking crew up there, who might that be?
MATT: "Oh, these are all members of The
Gentleman's troupe, as am I." At which point the
tabaxi, Cree, turns back and looks, and you can
see in the far back right corner of the chamber
there is a long, dark mahogany well-carved table.
There you see standing, arms crossed, a very
muscular-looking goliath female with a very short
leather strap top, shaved sides of the head in a
tuft of a mohawk that curls down into a long
ponytail that goes down the back, who's glaring in
your direction. Sitting beside this burly-looking
goliath you see a high-backed chair with a red
velvet matte. Sitting feet crossed up on the table
in a nice, long deep-blue coat, leather-gloved
hands, light teal skin, jet-black hair that's
long, just past the shoulders, a widow's peak in
the center, a bit of a dark goatee, male figure
standing there, hands entwined and crossed,
looking at you from across the way with a curious
grin. "The Gentleman."
TALIESIN: You work for The Gentleman these days?
MATT: "We had to find work, we didn't know if you
were ever coming back. We thought-- so we had to
"move on. We knew you'd eventually return, I just
did not know how long and we had to make ends meet."
TALIESIN: How is it, working for The Gentleman?
MATT: "Work is fine--" You hear a (clapping) from
The Gentleman. "So! We have company. Strangers in
"our midst." He rights himself in the chair.
"Please, come before me. Present yourselves! I
"want to know who has graced us with their majestic
presence. Come, come." The finger goes up and you
watch as everyone holding the rifles cock them and
point down at you.
SAM: Fjord, say something!
MATT: "Come!"
TALIESIN: I'm looking at our friend.
MATT: Cree goes--
TALIESIN: All right, I'll saunter over with my
drink and sit down at the table. Come on everyone,
let's do this.
MATT: So you all go and sit? There's a long bench
there on the opposite side of this table where you
can either stand or sit, since there's quite a few
of you.
ASHLEY: I'll stand.
MATT: Jester is like, "I don't know what's going
on." Sorry, Laura. I don't know what the fuck
Jester would do. Jester is the most random
character.
LIAM: She's going Homer Simpson, running circles
around.
TALIESIN: She's giving out leaflets.
LIAM: I will also stand.
MATT: As you guys approach you hear this (wheezing
laughter). There's the second balcony that was
facing in the direction where you entered. As you
look up you can see there's another rifleman
standing, and hanging by one arm off the side, you
see this crazed-looking young gnome with this big
mound of curly hair and this big chinstrap beard
who's just dangling going (wheezing laughter),
looking over you all from a distance really
creepily. The ogre's there still, hand on the
maul. "So. Introductions, please! I think I have
an idea who you are, but I want to hear it from
"your mouths. Please, tell me."
TRAVIS: Humbly, we are members of The Mighty
Nein.
MATT: "I knew it, I knew it! (laughs) Oh, this is
a gracious day. Very well. Welcome to the real
"Evening Nip. Pleasure to have you, each and every
one of you. I've seen you around upstairs,
"wandering and skulking a bit. I didn't know you
were part of this mighty troupe."
ASHLEY: Well, I hang out with them, but I actually
like the drinks here a lot, so.
MATT: "Much better down here. Speaking of which, a
round please!" The bartender, looking a bit
frightened on the side, starts filling tankards.
"All right, so. What brings such esteemed
"adventurers to my pocket of the underworld?"
TRAVIS: Well, we sought an audience, and to be
frank, we thought we might find a little bit more
of a warm reception than the one that we're
currently getting.
MATT: "Oh! I'm sorry." They pull the rifles off
you. "Habit. Safety, you understand."
TRAVIS: Oh of course, easily understood.
MATT: "So. You have my audience."
TRAVIS: We mean to make ourselves of service,
whether it be for the good of the city or other
endeavors. We're new here. We thought we would try
to make as many introductions and have as many
meetings happen as we could.
MATT: "Interesting. I have one question, before we
get too deep in this conversation. How did you
"find your way in here?"
MARISHA: I'm a bit of an enthusiast of the
underworld. So I came across some information.
MATT: "Go on."
MARISHA: Demedan got his order of bloodroot. It
was really good.
MATT: "Demedan gave you this information?"
MARISHA: No, Demedan was clumsy with his
information.
MATT: "Equally dangerous, good to know. Remember
that." The goliath cracks knuckles. "All right,
"so. Interesting. Now you know the way in. That's
dangerous, as we've just made acquaintances and
"you now know the direct path into my domain. So to
make this a comfortable conversation and possibly
"an arrangement going forward that we can all agree
upon, I have one small request."
TRAVIS: Oh, I'm sure we'd be all ears.
MATT: "Cree! Please." The tabaxi who was in the
back goes, "Yes, of course." Steps over to the
side of the bar and picks up a small leather
satchel, puts it over her shoulder, walks up
behind the table, opens it, and pulls out an
alchemist rack of a bunch of corked vials, like
small vials, opens it, and says, "I need, just--
and bear with me, please-- just a small bit of
"your blood. The reasoning being, if I can't trust
you, and you can't trust me, how am I to know you
"aren't going to turn me in immediately outside to
the King's Hall? And I need some means in case you
"just abscond with this information: perhaps make
an arrangement with me and then leave town. I need
"to find you."
TRAVIS: Oh, of course, and forgive my ignorance.
This would be used to locate us? Is that what this
is for?
MATT: Oh, that is Cree's speciality.
TALIESIN: It is definitely Cree's speciality.
TRAVIS: Yeah, fuck it.
MATT: As you pull your hand out, Cree does a flick
of the finger, and you watch as the blood trails
off on its own like a small serpent of mercury and
just (flowing). For a second, even though it was a
small wound, it's bleeding quite a bit and you're
like, "Uh." It makes you a little uncomfortable
and then all of a sudden the blood flow stops. The
vial is filled about an inch full, then she caps
it. "Thank you so much."
TRAVIS: How did you do that?
MATT: "It's a gift that I learned the same place
where the Nonagon's gifts were found."
TALIESIN: Lucien, at the table, is fine.
MATT: "Lucien."
TRAVIS: Right.
MATT: "Next."
TALIESIN: I trust you with this. Don't get fancy.
MATT: Same thing. Fills the next vial, a strange,
almost an arc of crimson finds its way and fills a
secondary tube. There's like twelve tubes there,
but she'll fill as many as needed for this one.
TRAVIS: (laughs) Don't like it, do you?
MARISHA: Can I borrow a tusk?
TRAVIS: Yeah.
MATT: Goes ahead and acquires the blood from you.
Jester goes, "Me too, me too!" Feeling left out in
the moment, gives her blood as well.
SAM: Caleb, are we doing this?
MATT: "No harm will come to you, unless you bring
harm to me. So this is just a precautionary
"measure. I appreciate your trust."
TRAVIS: Three to go? One, two, three?
MATT: With that, your blood is taken into a vial.
SAM: All right, I'll follow suit.
MATT: Your blood is also taken into a vial.
SAM: (hisses)
MATT: Easy enough to do! (spurting)
ASHLEY: Fair enough. I take my finger and I run it
across my blade as I stare at him.
MATT: The blood is drawn into the vial, the final
vial is capped, Cree closes the satchel, places it
on the shoulder, and then bows and steps back,
paying direct attention to The Gentleman and then
out of the corner of her eye, towards you.
"Fantastic, I really appreciate that." You're
getting a closer look now, of The Gentleman. The
teal skin tone-- it's interesting. It looks almost
like he's perpetually sweating. There's moisture
on the outskirts of his skin at all times. There's
the faint hint of, whether it be condensation from
the air around or produced internally, there's a
general sense of dampness to the skin of this
figure. "So an arrangement, you say. First off,
"just because it's fun for me, are you believers in
luck?"
TALIESIN: Not anymore.
TRAVIS: Yes, I'd say I am.
MATT: "That destiny is looking out for you? I've
seen enough in my time and have lived in spite of
"it all because something wants me here. Would you
consider yourselves lucky?"
TRAVIS, SAM and TALIESIN: Yes.
MATT: "Good. Then let's gamble."
MARISHA: Then what?
MATT: Then let's gamble.
MARISHA: Oh. (laughs)
TRAVIS: Are you writing that down?
SAM: Let's gamble.
MATT: "I want to know how lucky my investments
are. Gambit of Ord? Who wishes to face me in this?
"Who feels the luckiest of your band?"
TRAVIS: Shit. Where's the fucking luck of Jester?
MARISHA: I know. She's at home.
SAM: I watched her play last time, I could do-- I
don't-- (stutters)
TRAVIS: I could as well.
SAM: Why don't you do it? I'll just drink-- I need
just a little loosener.
TRAVIS: All right. I feel lucky.
MATT: "All right. Great. One pass. 50 gold buy-in.
If I win, you're mine. If you win, then we can do business."
TRAVIS: Deal.
MATT: "All right." He goes and pulls, beneath the
table, a satchel of gold. Pulls out a handful of
gold and plops it on the table. You watch on the
side as the creepy gnomish figure that was hanging
from the balcony earlier leaps down, (creepy
chuckling) comes up and he pulls out a set of
cards and is shuffling them in his hand as he
steps around the side. He's now flanking the right
side of The Gentleman, so you have the large
goliath on one side, the small, creepy gnome on
the other, shuffling the cards. Hands the deck to
The Gentleman, does one final cut, sets it down.
"So what's your name?"
TRAVIS: Fjord.
MATT: "Fjord. Let us deal." Did you put 50 gold on
the table?
TRAVIS: No. Now I do.
TALIESIN: There was nothing fishy in the card
shuffle, in the cut, was there?
MATT: Make an insight check.
TRAVIS: Ooh, get 'em!
TALIESIN: Let's do it. 12.
MATT: Seemed to be above board.
MARISHA: I'm going to keep an eye on the deal as
well.
MATT: Okay. The first cards are dealt out for the
first round. This is Gambit of Ord. This is
different from The Crick-Queen's Call. This is a
Marquesian card game. Roll a d8, but keep it
hidden to yourself. All right. "So now, I'm going
to go ahead and raise another 50 gold." (clinking)
Onto the table.
TRAVIS: My goodness, this is getting expensive
quite fast.
MATT: "Well, we deal with quite a large amount of
business."
TRAVIS: (yawning) 50 gold.
MATT: So you put another 50 gold?
TRAVIS: Mm-hmm.
MATT: All right. Go ahead and roll a d6, and keep
that secret alongside that die. "Do you wish to raise?"
TRAVIS: You first.
MATT: "I raised first last time. I'm offering you
the chance to raise if you'd like."
TRAVIS: Funny how that works. No, I'm good where I
am.
MATT: "Interesting. I'll raise another 50 gold."
SAM: Oh god.
TRAVIS: Sounds good. 50 it is.
MATT: Go ahead and roll a d4. He's holding his
cards in his hand, looks across at you, looks all
throughout the room. "Well, Fjord, looks like it's
time to call."
TRAVIS: What, we're not going to bet again?
(silence)
MATT: Puts another 100 gold on the table.
TRAVIS: Let's make it 150.
MATT: (laughs) "Very well."
TRAVIS: (mutters) That's all the money I have.
SAM: Have we seen anything suspicious from the
deals, or the--
LIAM: (as Jester) Jester wants you to know that
from home she is watching The Gentleman and making
sure he is not cheating.
MATT: Make an insight check for Jester, and you
make an insight check as well, since you were both
keeping a close eye on that.
LIAM: Oh, she rolled really well. What's her
modifier, added to an 18?
SAM: Plus four.
LIAM: Oh, 22.
MATT: 22? Actually, there has been no weirdness
with the cards. This is a straight test of luck.
LIAM: (as Jester) Oh, this man has the Luck feat.
MATT: Yeah, you don't see anything, nothing that
catches you off.
MARISHA: Yeah, I rolled less than Jester.
MATT: So, we're now at a pot of 150 times two, 50
times two, so 600 gold, I believe, right? 50, 50,
50, and the 150.
TRAVIS: (counting) So 500.
SAM: Did you start with 50, though?
MATT: We started with 50, and then we raised 50,
and then raised 50, so that was 150. So it's 600
on the table.
TRAVIS: I can do math.
MATT: 300 from each of them. "All right." He
presents the dice that he had rolled, or the cards
that he had found, which is a five, a four, and a
one. A grand total of ten.
MARISHA: Oh my god, come on, Fjord.
TRAVIS: A seven, a five, and a three.
(cheering)
MARISHA: Oh my god.
SAM: That's the first thing we've ever won.
(laughter)
MATT: As soon as you reveal the cards there's a
(gasp). A gasp in the room and The Gentleman, his
muscles tense for a second and he goes, (laughs)
"Well-played and well earned! Take the coin, it's yours."
TRAVIS: Thank you. Nice hand.
MATT: "Good to know that we have luck on your side
as well. That's very important to me with people I
"do business with. So (clears throat) you have some
balls throwing down that change and going into a
"game with me, I like that. So what can our many
gifts and my associates present to you? What are
"your strengths? What are your skills? I've heard
you've done some deeds. I've heard you killed some
"terrible creature in the sewers, is that
correct?"
SAM: We did. Yes. We fought and killed a giant
spider of sorts.
MATT: "Right, which helped tremendously because we
use the sewers quite often. That had become an
"issue with some of our transference in the
subterranean sewers of the city. And
"unfortunately, the underworks themselves have been
a bit clogged as of late. So thank you for that.
"And one of our compatriots--" and he points up to
one of the balconies on the side, and you can see,
behind the individual that had the rifle, you see
Kara, the half-elf.
MARISHA: Oh, I was going to ask for her.
MATT: Who's stepping forward, ever so slightly.
And says, "One of our compatriots has kept us up
"to speed about your infiltrations. I have to say,
I'm impressed."
LIAM: Ja, then you probably know we are not the
best you're going to find, but we are up and comers.
MATT: "Not too bad."
TRAVIS: Very versatile I'd have to say though.
Balanced.
LIAM: Good skill set.
TALIESIN: High profile, but low profile.
MATT: "Well, we are a company that specializes in
the completion of the tasks and trading of things.
"Perhaps not the most legal. Things that are
restricted by the empire. That means our skills
"are best through speed, subterfuge, darkness. We
don't have the best, aside for muscle besides
"from, well (laughs) I do keep Sorah by my side,
just in case."
SAM: Is that the goliath?
MATT: That is the goliath he refers to.
SAM: Sorad?
MATT: Sorah.
LIAM: (singing) Que Sorah, Sorah.
MARISHA: Wait the goliath or the ogre?
MATT and TRAVIS: The goliath.
MARISHA: The--
LIAM: The mohawk lady.
MARISHA: Okay.
SAM: We're very strong.
MATT: "Very good."
SAM: As you can see, Yasha is very strong.
MATT: "Well, you've caused enough chaos in the
Tri-Spire. You brought down one of the more
"corrupt, though strangely uncorruptible from our
end, politicians we've seen. And from what I hear,
"Lord Sutan is already in chains." (chuckles)
SAM: (quickly) We don't know anything about that.
We had nothing to do with it.
TRAVIS: Nott, I think--
TALIESIN: She's quick to toe the party line.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
MATT: "That's fine. We'll see how long Sutan stays
in there, he has his ways. Depending on how strong
"a case you've left behind, and a little finagling
on our end, if our partnership grows mutually
"beneficial, perhaps we could push that over the
edge for him, and keep him away for quite some
"time. Now apparently I've also heard they're still
seeking the murderers of the High-Richter.
"Particularly a purple-skinned tiefling who was
spotted not far from the home that night, with
"rather ostentatious clothing. As well as a
wandering dark-skinned youth, a woman with
"physical capability. So that doesn't bode well for
you, does it?"
MARISHA: Sucks being in the wrong place at the
wrong time.
MATT: "Well, as seeing as how we're friends
now, I can say that I could probably make this
"investigation go away."
MARISHA: Is this an investigation that you caused
to begin with?
MATT: (laughs) "No, this is an investigation that
you caused."
MARISHA: Doing your bidding.
MATT: "No."
MARISHA: Through one of your associates.
MATT: "My associate was making sure that the
events would transpire in our favor. But
"nevertheless, we were not the orchestrators of The
Knights of Requital."
LIAM: Let's assume this is not a gift you are
offering, what is it that you are looking for in return?
MATT: "Oh, well, many gifts come once we've
established a partnership. We become friends now,
"and I like friendship. That's great; that's fine.
But I deal in trade mostly. So I would like a
"favor in kind." He leans forwards a bit, and you
can see some of the condensation slowly dripping
down the side of the face. Making a few spots on
the table.
SAM: I'll offer him a napkin.
MATT: As you hold a napkin out, the eyes catch you
for a second. The head turns, confused for a second.
TALIESIN: Just--
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Great thought, not now. Good thought.
SAM: He seems like he needs--
TALIESIN: (shushing)
SAM: He's schvitzing. I mean it's not even humid
in here. (whispering) He's got a problem.
MATT: "About a mile out of the underworks, beneath
the city. Down the underground river pass that our
"shipments to the Ounterloch and Berleben pass
through, one of my men noticed a strange wall
"uncovered by time. We sent a team of our best
infiltrators to see what this was about. Within, a
"purple light, and the promise of ancient spoils
seemed to peek from within. Some sort of abandoned
"research facility from ages past. Well my
curiosity got the better of me. So we sent the
"team inward to seek it out. But amongst these few
gold-laden objects that enticed my men-- they are
"a superstitious lot-- and upon being beset by
series of phantom globes they fled and collapsed
"the entrance behind them." You see him glare past
you and hear the shifting of a few pieces of armor
as three individuals avert their gaze. (sighs)
"So those fucks have failed. I would like you to
"return to that site for me. Find a way in. Inquire
within. Seek and seeing as how you are so good at
"eliminating monstrous beasts, clearing the space
of any dangers, hostile creatures. Return with any
"of your findings. Do this for me and I will see
that the scent is thrown off you permanently. I'll
"even let you keep some of the spoils."
TRAVIS: This is most intriguing. I hope we would
be able to interview your previous compatriots.
We'd like to know what they saw before, what we
might expect.
MATT: "Of course. By all means. Do we have a
deal?"
TRAVIS: To clear our name here in Zadash?
SAM: How do we know that you can clear our name?
We've proven to you that we're lucky. You know our
reputation. We don't know anything about you.
MATT: "Let's say I've lived and worked a solid 15
years orchestrating the seedy underbelly of this
"entire city. I've never been caught, I've never
been arrested, and I thrive on a pile of gold and
"riches you can only begin to imagine."
TALIESIN: I'm beginning to imagine it right now,
actually.
MATT: "Good."
TALIESIN: That's very nice.
LIAM: Insight check.
MATT: Make an insight check.
MARISHA: I bet he edubates on that pile of gold.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: That is certainly one to grow on.
LIAM: Not good enough. That's a twelve.
MATT: I mean, he's a shifty individual being by
nature. But it's hard to get a sense of whether or
not he would be trying to lie.
LIAM: Yeah. He's sweating, he must be nervous.
SAM: If I may, we passed a test for you. Would you
pass one for us?
MATT: (laughs) "Little one, (laughs) you intrigue
me. Young green-skin, so overtly walking amongst
"the nobles above, and yet you've kept your throat.
That says a lot about you. Yes, please tell me,
"what would this trial be, you would ask of The
Gentleman?"
SAM: May I have three of those vials? Just the
empty ones.
MATT: "Cree." Fumbles in the pouch and brings out
three of the empty glass vials, and hands them
over to you.
SAM: If I were to fill two of these vials with
ordinary alcohol and one with something else,
would you be able to tell which is which? With
your discerning eye and your years of experience?
MATT: "Hmm. Certainly, I feel confident."
MARISHA: Take the Pepsi challenge.
SAM: I'll take out my shitty flask, as my good one
is gone. Fill two vials with alcohol and then take
out my vial of acid and pour it into the third.
Are they reasonably the same colorish?
MATT: Reasonably. I'd say the alcohol is a bit
more brackish. The acid itself is a little more
translucent, but you could possibly add a little
bit of alcohol to it.
SAM: All right, I'll take a little splash of
alcohol and some darker stuff and mix it around.
MATT: You're an alchemist, you've dealt with
varying chemicals. So I'd say, given a moment, you
could go ahead and match it fairly close, sure.
SAM: All right, this one is the acid; these two
are booze. And now I will try to (rapid movement)--
TALIESIN: Doesn't actually switch hands, you just
do this a lot.
LIAM: Never mess with a goblin when death is on
the line!
MATT: Make a sleight of hand check versus his
perception.
TRAVIS: You're going to kill The Gentleman.
SAM: 15.
MATT: 15 total?
SAM: Yes.
MATT: All right, you present the vials.
SAM: If you die, I'm sorry.
MATT: (chuckles) "This one is alcohol. This one is
alcohol. This one is acid." And takes the acid
from your grasp and uncorks it and drinks it.
SAM: Ooh shit, that's baller!
MATT: So roll the damage for your acid.
MARISHA: Some Inigo Montoya shit.
SAM: I don't know what to roll. It's 1d6 or
something. What do I-- I got to look.
MATT: It should be on your break down of your--
SAM: It's here. Acid vial.
ASHLEY: He's awesome.
MATT: I have it here actually.
SAM: 2d6.
MATT: So yeah, roll 2d6.
TALIESIN: That is so baller. Oh my god.
SAM: 11.
MATT: 11. All right, so he (slight cough)
(grunts) downs it, but it doesn't seem to have as
much of an effect on him. It looks like it hurt,
and he takes it. The muscles tense a bit, the face
twitches as it goes down and it burns. But then he
takes the vial and corks it again, rolls it across
the table. (coughs) "Does that satisfy your
inquiry?"
SAM: (gulp) (gulp) Yep, yeah, that's good. That
was impressive. I mean, you pass the test, sir.
MATT: (chuckles) "Good, good. I like it."
TALIESIN: I will say the only thing that I can
think of that I would want, not even necessarily
addend to this contract, if we are going to do
this to you; I'm looking to stay on the down low
in general. If we can agree, even my presence in
this city necessarily is, as far as it's
concerned, is none of anybody's concern outside
this bar. I would be forever grateful.
MATT: "We deal well in secrecy, my friend."
TALIESIN: I figured you would.
MATT: "Lucien, was it?"
TALIESIN: Sometimes.
MATT: (chuckles) "Very well."
TRAVIS: Sir, I couldn't help but hear that this is
about a mile outside of the city. Is that correct?
MATT: "Correct."
TRAVIS: Are you operating on any sort of a
timeline? Might we have a little bit of lenience
with how quickly we get this dealt with?
MATT: "The sooner the better, because we can begin
opening that line. We've now two weeks and three
"shipments lost."
TRAVIS: I've just had a thought, actually, if you
could help us at the same time, we're trying to
get a friend of ours out of the city. And (coughs)
recent events seem to have clogged up most entries
and exits. We have a friend, Horris, that needs to
find his way to a safe spot.
MARISHA: Kara knows him, real well.
MATT: "Right, this would be Dolan's partner,
yes?"
TRAVIS: Indeed.
MATT: "Hmm."
TRAVIS: Discretion is appreciated.
MATT: "We specialize in discretion and specialize
in smuggling. And specialize in people."
TRAVIS: Figured you might.
MATT: "So you do this deed, we'll consider it part
of your gift."
TRAVIS: Outstanding. I think we have a deal, do we
not?
MARISHA: Yeah.
LIAM: I find all of this very agreeable.
MATT: "Good, very good, quiet one. Now we have
access to the tunnels. Of course we'll have to
"blindfold you to bring you through the underworks
to the tunnel that leads to this underground
"river, when you decide to leave. Just because
there's a lot of secrets down here, and we're
"still building our trust. But come back in
whenever you're ready. We'll be happy to escort
"you and send you on your way."
TRAVIS: Outstanding.
ASHLEY: How long do you keep our blood for?
MATT: "Oh, as long as we have our arrangements."
ASHLEY: But we get it back when we're done? Or we
decide not to work with you anymore?
MATT: "If you've proven yourself trustworthy
enough, in the long term, perhaps. But understand
"that this is just a precaution. Who's to know?
Perhaps things go sour in a few months. I want to
"make sure you don't double cross me and send the
guard down."
MARISHA: Does it look like he's speaking from
experience? He's a little twitchy.
MATT: Make an insight check.
MARISHA: (grumbling) 14.
MATT: It's more that he's lived this long by being
careful. And when a bunch of strangers find this
secret pass into his lair, he wants to be damn
well sure that he knows where to find you if need be.
ASHLEY: Okay.
TRAVIS and ASHLEY: Fair enough.
TALIESIN: Remember, the name Lucien doesn't leave
this bar. Outside, I never want to hear it uttered.
MATT: "I don't know who any of you are outside
this bar."
TALIESIN: Brilliant.
MATT: "Don't worry. Anyway," and he throws his
feet back up on the table . "Drinks are on me,
"until you make your leave."
TRAVIS: Fantastic! Nott, pace yourself now, you
hear?
SAM: (growling) (nervous humming)
TALIESIN: Quality, not quantity.
TRAVIS: Is that goliath wielding any sort of
visible weapon?
MATT: At the moment, it does not appear there's a
weapon immediately on the goliath, but as you look
behind, in the corner right behind the chair where
The Gentleman sits, there looks to be one
hefty-ass maul. A giant chunk of solid metal with
a long handle on it that is resting against the stone.
TRAVIS: Ogre and the goliath mauls each. Fuck.
MATT: They like to break things.
MARISHA: Who were the two guys that said that they
passed out trying to get away from the creepy,
ancient facility?
TRAVIS: Oh yeah, they were armored behind us?
MATT: Yeah, there's three guys. There's the bar in
the chamber. Next to that, to the right of the
actual bar, there's a doorway that opens up into a
storeroom. It's underneath the top balcony.
Underneath the balcony, right next to where the
ogre is posting watch in the center of the tavern,
the three of them are sitting off to the side,
looking uncomfortable. They were sitting earlier,
and since all of this happened they stood to
attention and haven't found a comfortable moment
to sit down.
MARISHA: Just shifty, rogue-y underbelly types?
MATT: Yeah. You look over and you see two of them
appear to be human. Relatively young, probably mid
to late 20s. Scruffy-looking. One of them has a
darker, fro-y hair that's unkempt and covering
part of his face. The other one has very short
cut hair, dark complexion, brown red. They're
both wearing darker leathers and cloaks that are
thrown over one shoulder. They're holding tankards
in their hand and they're both talking amongst
each other while keeping an eye on you.
TRAVIS: That group looks like your type. Feel like
making friends?
MARISHA: My favorite pastime.
MATT: The third one appears to be a halfling
female who is sitting in a corner, quietly
sipping out of the tankard and looking nervously
around.
MARISHA: Want to accompany me?
TRAVIS: I would love to.
MARISHA: Let's go.
MATT: Just the two of you approaching?
MARISHA: Sure. Anyone else wants to join.
TALIESIN: I'm taking a long look at Cree and I
want to see if I see any of the things that I
expect to see.
TRAVIS: What do you expect to see there, T?
SAM: You know. Dander.
TALIESIN: I want to see if there's any markings
or anything otherwise that I would expect to see.
MATT: Oh. Make a perception check.
TALIESIN: All right.
SAM: Why are you locking your iPad between every
move?
TALIESIN: Because it's better that way. Perception
check. Wow, that's a terrible roll. That's a five.
MATT: A fur-covered tabaxi, it's hard to make any
details out beyond the fur, unfortunately.
TALIESIN: All right. That's fair.
MATT: The two of you approach the corner. Kara is
watching you as you step past, and steps back on
the balcony, out of sight.
MARISHA: I give her a little (clicks tongue)
when I walk by.
MATT: She goes--
MARISHA: Deal with that later.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I was going to say the same thing.
MATT: As you approach the two gentlemen and the
female halfling, they just watch you. They don't
engage you verbally at all, they just keep an
eye.
MARISHA: I grab one of the half-drinken beers from
someone else's table and set it down and be like,
here you go. I got this for you.
LIAM: That was mine.
(laughter)
MATT: He takes it. The guy with the larger curly
hair takes it and pours it into his own and sets
it back down. "Thank you."
MARISHA: Heard you guys got all heebie jeebie and
passed out in your last little mission.
MATT: "Well--" and the other guy elbows him and
he's like, (whispering) "Shut up!"
MARISHA: No, that's cool! We're here to clean up
y'all's shit.
MATT: "Look, we signed up for this to make quick
money. We're good at moving quickly. We're good at
"seeing what's worthwhile. We're good at picking
things out. We're not good at dealing with spooky
"fucking undead ghost things, okay? We went in, we
went through this path. We found a crack in the
"wall. We kicked it down. We went inside. There was
a staircase. Went up and down. Went downstairs, it
"seemed empty. It was confusing. We didn't see
anything of interest. Went upstairs the
"staircase-- the little spiral staircase-- and
there was a much larger chamber. We started
"looking around for anything worthwhile. It looked
like it got picked clean long ago. Dust
"everywhere. The more we began to look, there was
this cold temperature in the room, and eventually
"these little lights began to come out of the wall.
At first, we were curious by them. One of them got
"really close to Therad over there. He suddenly
shocked in a serious jolt." And you see him on the
back, looking a bit spooked, recalling the story.
He goes, "We knew then, these-- whatever the fuck these
"things were-- they weren't friends of ours. So we got
our shit and we ran. We had a small explosive, so
"we threw it behind us to collapse the wall, hoping
that at least it would slow them down. We
"realized, in hindsight, that it was pretty stupid
because, if they were spectral enough to come out
"of the walls, they still could have followed us.
We got up the river from there. We got our boats
"and made our way back."
TRAVIS: Let me get this straight. A bunch of
fucking floating lights came out of the wall, gave
your boy a little static shock, and you ran?
MATT: They both look at each other and look at the
halfling. The halfling's like, "I wasn't going to
"stay behind!"
TRAVIS: Yeah. Well, they're calling in the big
leaguers now, so we'll take it from here. Your way
up and down those stairs you mentioned, you get
tripped up along the way, or was it just easy sailing?
MARISHA: Any traps?
MATT: "We didn't go into the bottom chamber. That
looked ominous enough. We stuck to the top one."
MARISHA: What?
TRAVIS: What about it was ominous?
MATT: "It's just a big octagonal dome chamber.
Had this faint purple-ish glow on the inside-- "
MARISHA: Are you afraid of geometry? I don't--
TRAVIS: Yeah. Scared of school.
MARISHA: Yeah, sure.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Old terrors.
MATT: "Look, you can come by and sass me all you
fucking want. I've been here for two years. You
"newcomers walk in here and think you're all tough
shit! You think it's so great? Go! Go in there!
"Come back!"
SAM: Trying to throw it in the garbage, but it hit
your balloon.
MARISHA: I saw the whole--
LIAM: Still a game.
MATT: "You think you're tough shit? You go take
care of it."
TRAVIS: I appreciate your passion. I don't think
you're in great favor in this room, at the moment.
You see that really tall woman over there with
that big greatsword on her back? She doesn't
appreciate when people talk to us like that.
MATT: Make an intimidation check.
ASHLEY: Do I see him point at me?
LIAM: Flex.
TRAVIS: 13.
MATT: 13?
TRAVIS: No, 15. Sorry.
MATT: 15. He's looking over at you. You can see
him swallowing hard.
ASHLEY: I put my hand on my hilt and I pull it out
a little bit.
MATT: "Hey, no, I understand that. That's great.
Looks like you guys are much more well-equipped
"for this shit than we are. Look, I'm not saying
we're better than you. We're better at some
"things. You're better at others. That's why
they're sending you in, because we can't fight
"fucking ghosts. You go for it!"
MARISHA: We're just giving you a hard time, man.
It's fun. The whole time this was happening, I was
rubbing my feet against the ground, building
up a static shock.
MATT: It's stone, but sure.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Okay, rubbing against Fjord. Like this.
TRAVIS: My shag armor.
MARISHA: Just waiting for it. All right, thank you
so much, man.
MATT: "All right."
MARISHA: All right, good. (laughter) Sorry, can't
help it.
TRAVIS: Did you three have a name?
LIAM: The Mighty Drei.
TRAVIS: Don't be ashamed if you don't.
MATT: The guy who's talking to you says, "That's
Hannah there. I'm Louis." He pauses for a moment,
shakes your hand. "Now go get this thing."
TRAVIS: Don't worry. We'll clean it up for you.
Enjoy your drinks. Going to join the others.
TALIESIN: Yasha. Do I deal with this or do I not
deal with this?
ASHLEY: I think you should deal with this.
TALIESIN: I don't want to deal with this.
ASHLEY: Does any of this sound familiar to you
from the past?
TALIESIN: I hate this. I'm going to stand up, and
walk over to Cree.
MATT: Okay. Cree is still standing by the bar with
the satchel on. As you stand up and start
approaching, she smiles.
TALIESIN: A lifetime ago.
MATT: "Indeed. I can tell you it's so good to see
you."
TALIESIN: I have a weird question, and I apologize
for it. The spell I used to get away, it-- I
wasn't there for as long as you thought I was. I
missed how everything ended in the end. I hate to
ask, but I was long gone before anything really
started to go down. How did everything end? Can
you just-- I'll explain why in a moment.
MATT: "Well, you had acquired the tome with the
ritual spell that you required to attempt to reach
"the city. That lady-- I don't remember her name.
The spell slinger from the capital. She came and
"oversaw and performed the ritual for you. I don't
trust those folk, but I trust you, and if you
"trusted, than that was enough for me. You gave us
a speech. We had a fine meal. We all got ready
"there in the forest."
TALIESIN: That's where I lost you, then.
MATT: "She said it would be hard for us to tell
whether or not it worked at first, but we went and
"checked, and you were not breathing. For a good
hour, you were not breathing and you had gone
"cold. We knew then that-- that we had lost you. We
checked, and I'm very attuned to vitals, as you
"know. There was no heartbeat. So we waited longer.
The sun rose, and nothing. So, as you told us, if
"anything were to go wrong, we had to get rid of
any sign, any trace. So, not far from the Tomb
"Taker hideout, we buried you and we went our
separate ways. She took the tome, the mage woman,
"it was part of the arrangement you had with her."
TALIESIN: I'm going to have to find her again at
some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was
never going to work. Somebody was working against
me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I
saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm
willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But
it could have been her, but it could have been one
of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please.
MATT: Make a deception check. You're starting to
get in deep into this now.
TRAVIS: Deception check?
TALIESIN: 13.
SAM: Can I wander over and see if I can overhear
anything?
MATT: Make a perception check.
SAM: 12.
MATT: You start wandering over, but there's too
much noise and general din in the chamber around
you to make anything out.
TALIESIN: There will come a moment when I can tell
you everything, but... It's so complicated. Please
just keep it quiet for now.
MATT: "Of course."
TALIESIN: Until I know that everyone's going to
react the way that you did to seeing me.
MATT: "Right, of course, Lucien."
TALIESIN: I will tell you everything eventually.
MATT: "Please, please do."
TALIESIN: I give a hug.
MATT: There's a moment pause, and then Cree takes
in the hug too.
TALIESIN: It's been too long.
MATT: There's a faint purr in the ear, and then
you hear the voice whisper, "It's good to see you."
TALIESIN: I'm sorry for everything. And I give the
pat, and head back to the table.
MATT: "Me too." As you walk away.
LIAM: While that conversation happens. Can I speak
to you? Just for a second?
TRAVIS: Of course.
LIAM: That was a princely sum you just wagered
with there.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Good thing I won, huh?
LIAM: Yes, it is. That wouldn't have, by any
chance, have been recompense for everything we did
the other night? Or are you rolling in it?
TRAVIS: Am I rolling in it?
LIAM: Yeah, I'm wondering if you just wagered
the party's funds. On a very calculated risk.
TRAVIS: Oh. No, I was actually only gambling my
funds.
LIAM: So you come with funds on you.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
LIAM: Do you know, I would be all right if you
had? I am a fan of calculated risks.
TRAVIS: Are you?
LIAM: Yeah. But it was just, you know-- You're
flush. I understand.
TRAVIS: At the moment.
LIAM: Insight check.
MATT: Make an insight check.
LIAM: 17.
TRAVIS: I'm telling the truth. I hadn't even divvied
up that amount from Dolan and everybody else.
MATT: Yeah. Seems forthright.
LIAM: All right.
TRAVIS: Good to know. Calculated risks. I'll keep
that in mind. I thought you liked to play things
close to the chest.
LIAM: If the reward is good and it's not stupid.
TRAVIS: Sometimes you got to get a little stupid,
though.
LIAM: Maybe. Okay.
TALIESIN: I'm going to walk over with a new round
of drinks. Here, drink this. I'm told they're stupid. Ugh.
MARISHA: Molly, you have-- Sorry, Lucien.
TRAVIS: No, that's not it either.
MARISHA: Sorry, Non--Nongatek.
TALIESIN: Lucien for the moment. We'll talk about
it later.
ASHLEY: Would you like us to call you Lucien or do
you want us to call you Molly?
TALIESIN: In here, we're Lucien.
LIAM: How many names are there? Is it over ten or
under?
TALIESIN: Let's have that conversation somewhere
else. I don't know who's listening here.
MARISHA: She seemed real into you, but not in an
into you like "I want to tap that" kind of into
you, but in an "I've watched you walk on water"
type of into you.
TALIESIN: Yeah, that was a weird amount of into
you, wasn't it?
MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Can you change that alcohol into wine?
TALIESIN: I'm going to cut my finger a bit and
bleed into it.
LIAM: With one of your long fingernails?
MARISHA: Holy shit. You know, to a dumbass, that
actually is convincing.
TRAVIS: It's alcohol one way or the other. I'll
fucking drink.
TALIESIN: Is it wine?
MATT: No, it's bloody water. It's water with a
hint of iron aftertaste.
TALIESIN: Worth a try.
LIAM: Write what you know, Taliesin.
TRAVIS: Molly-- Excuse me, Lucien.
MARISHA: Nantucket.
TRAVIS: How many others around here might we
expect to have that same reaction towards you?
TALIESIN: We will have this conversation outside
this bar.
MARISHA: This is basically Taliesin at Ren Faire.
TRAVIS: Yeah!
TRAVIS and MARISHA: Lord Taliesin!
LIAM: Taliesin, there's tabaxis coming out of every
stall. What the hell, man?
TALIESIN: Lucien's not going to answer any
questions. Molly will answer every question you
have later.
SAM: If you're not going to answer any questions,
can we please direct some to Yasha over here?
TALIESIN: Thank you for coming back, I've missed
you.
SAM: Where were you? Where'd you go? Why did you
leave?
ASHLEY: Sometimes I have things to do, I barely
know you guys, so sorry if I leave!
TALIESIN: Why do you need to know so many things?
TRAVIS: You're not afraid of inclement weather or
anything, are you? It'd been real fair, that
storm rolled in, and poof, you were fucking gone.
SAM: She left us before we were ambushed in
Alfield, and when she left us this time, we almost
died in this plot to overthrow the empire, or
whatever it was with Crick soldiers. Maybe it's
related!
ASHLEY: Pretty shit luck for you, then. That has
nothing to do with me.
MARISHA: I respect a woman who can handle her
business on her own personal time.
ASHLEY: Thank you very much, Beau. Thank you.
Sometimes I need to leave. Plus, I barely know you guys.
TALIESIN: They're not used to you yet.
LIAM: That is true. Do you think you will be able
to travel with us for a little while, perhaps?
MARISHA: Yeah, get to know us?
TALIESIN: I could use a hand for a bit.
ASHLEY: We'll see.
TALIESIN: I'd owe you one.
TRAVIS: Did you handle what you needed to handle?
ASHLEY: I think I did. I think I'm looking for
answers for something, and I don't know if I
received any more, but I'm still looking.
SAM: If you told us what it was, we could help
you.
ASHLEY: I don't know if you can.
LIAM: No pressure, at all, but it is nice to have
some muscle around.
SAM: Lots of pressure! Maximum amount of
pressure!
ASHLEY: Thank you, Nott. I'll stick around and
offer my strength as much as I can.
LIAM: She is just joshing you.
SAM: I am not!
TALIESIN: She is definitely not joshing.
TRAVIS: I make sure Nott's drink is full all the
time.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Can I look around this unsavory place?
There are no faces that I recognize, right?
MATT: Glancing around, no. Other than Kara, who
you had spoken with previously, nobody else
catches your attention.
MARISHA: What is she doing right now? She still
watching us?
MATT: No, she's not watching you. She's receded
into the top balcony into a chamber behind.
SAM: It seemed like the Gentleman-- who's very
impressive, by the way-- knows a lot about stuff,
including the fact that we were involved in a plot
to frame the Sutan fellow.
MARISHA: He knows Kara pretty well.
SAM: Do you think he would know if the Xhorhas
invasion at the same time as our little plan was a
bigger conspiracy? Were we set up?
TALIESIN: Why would we be set up?
SAM: I don't know, but it seems coinky-dinky that
we were there on a night when towers were
exploding.
MARISHA: I think we should talk to Kara. I've been
playing hard to get, waiting to see if she mingles
around to us.
SAM: You're so coy.
TRAVIS: I think Kara's the way to go. We start
asking him questions about something that big,
maybe he won't like us poking our nose around.
TALIESIN: We'll check, but shit happens, and
you've got to be doing something when shit
happens. We just happened to be doing something.
TRAVIS: When shit happened.
TALIESIN: It's hardly a coincidence.
ASHLEY: You guys are going to Xhorhas?
TRAVIS: No. There was a bit of a beatdown the
other night in the Tri-Spire. One of the towers
was attacked.
MARISHA: Oh yeah. When did you get in town?
ASHLEY: I saw that.
TRAVIS and MARISHA: You were here?
ASHLEY: I was here. I've been here the whole
time.
MARISHA: What were you up to?
ASHLEY: I was trying to figure some shit out.
SAM: What was it?!
TALIESIN: What we commonly referred to in the
circus as "Yasha-ing."
TRAVIS: Oh, Yasha-ing.
ASHLEY: I like to get away from things sometimes.
LIAM: We have been getting our hands dirty, a
little bit. Are you sure you want to get your
hands dirty with us?
ASHLEY: That's all I'd like to do.
LIAM: That's direct.
TALIESIN: It's a sight to behold.
TRAVIS: You want to go talk to Kara before we get
out of here?
ASHLEY: Wait, what was the Xhorhas bit?
SAM: Oh, Xhorhas assassins tried to steal a box of
some sort that was a weapon of mass destruction or
a portal to another dimension or some sort of
fount of energy that powers their race, we have no
idea, but they stole it, we encountered them in
the sewers, we did not kill the Xhorhas assassin,
but he was killed shortly thereafter and we stole
his magical dodecahedron.
TALIESIN: You said that in this bar.
LIAM: (as Jester) Technically we stole it from the
crownsguard because he took it away, so we stole
it later.
TALIESIN: Let's not say anything in here that we
wouldn't want to be circulated.
SAM: All you need to know is the people from
Xhorhas are dead now. Do you know people from
Xhorhas?
ASHLEY: I'm from Xhorhas.
MARISHA: What?!
SAM: Who are you?
TALIESIN: Wait, is that a beer?
SAM: Yes.
ASHLEY: Probably not where they were from.
SAM: You're a Cr-- Can I say Crick? Is that okay?
Do I have to be a Crick to say it?
TALIESIN: She's not a Crick.
LIAM: Depends on who you're talking to.
ASHLEY: I don't think I'm where they're from. I'm
more southern parts of Xhorhas.
SAM: You're from that part of the world?
ASHLEY: No, I don't know exactly where they were
from. I don't know who they are, I don't know
anything about them.
TRAVIS: They came in trying to steal this Beacon,
this glowing beacon, which we still have, but they
were mighty upset about it.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LIAM: How long have you been in the Empire?
ASHLEY: Make sure that's correct, actually.
MATT: That is correct.
SAM: You don't know if you were born there or grew
up there?
ASHLEY: Yes.
LIAM: How long have you been here in the Empire?
ASHLEY: For about-- I don't know, when did I meet
you?
TALIESIN: God, was it a year and a half ago?
ASHLEY: Year and a half.
TALIESIN: Give or take. How many people are
listening in on this clearly right now?
MATT: Make a perception check.
MARISHA: I'm doing a scan, see if there's any
wandering eyes.
TALIESIN: 14. Actually, no, 17, sorry.
MATT: 17. As is the nature of a seedy underbelly,
there are a lot of individuals who are very
interested in the newcomers that waltzed in, made
a deal with their boss, and have sat and had a
drink and are talking all sorts of business. There
are a number of folks that are slowly creeping in.
TALIESIN: Can we please stop talking in here?
LIAM: What do you mean, people are listening to
heavy metal GWAR babe, purple guy, and little
green girl in a doll mask?
TALIESIN: They are serving us free drinks, of
course they're listening to everything we say.
Let's retire for the evening.
SAM: Don't we need to talk to Kara?
TALIESIN: We can come back and do this tomorrow.
SAM: No! She's right here today!
TALIESIN: You talk to Kara, then, but no more
whatever this is.
TRAVIS: Why, Lucien? You afraid the Myriad will
hear? What's his reaction?
MARISHA: He definitely had a thing!
TALIESIN: I am genuinely a little drunk, and
didn't remember who the Myriad were.
TRAVIS: Do I believe him?
MATT: Make an insight check.
TRAVIS: Shit. 11.
TALIESIN: What am I doing, deception? Ten. So I
have to tell the truth? I have no idea, I'd
literally forgotten because I'm a little drunk and
I'm really preoccupied right now.
MATT: You don't have to roll deception if you're
not lying.
TALIESIN: I know, I was just doing it to fuck with
them.
LIAM: I'm going to have Frumpkin jump into Nott's
lap and do the (gnawing) on her fingers to keep
her occupied.
SAM: Ah! I'll eat you!
TALIESIN: (angry meowing)
MARISHA: We go talk to Kara.
SAM: Do you know Lucien, too?
MATT: You go through a door, and there is a
switchback stairway that leads to the upper
balcony area, and as you head up there, it looks
like there's a weapon rack which has a bunch of
weapons set up. Kara's currently sitting on the
edge of a bench and is sharpening the blades,
small daggers and stuff, and looks back. "Oh!
Hello." Sets it aside. "Look, I'm sorry, I didn't
"mean to deceive anyone, but that's my business."
MARISHA: So you were deceiving us.
MATT: "I was keeping some things close to my
chest, like I'm sure you do."
TRAVIS: What's that saying? Be careful of the toes
you step on, they might belong to the ass you got
to kiss later?
MARISHA: That's a good one. Have to remember that
one.
MATT: "Look, I deceived no one, outside of what
you needed to know. We got our business done. I've
"done nothing wrong."
MARISHA: How much of this was orchestrated from
the beginning? Were we a distraction for the
bigger picture?
MATT: "What do you mean?"
TRAVIS: The attack on the tower.
MATT: "Oh, the Crick attack on the tower? No, had
nothing to do with us. We're not going to work
"with those savage beasts."
MARISHA: Insight check.
MATT: Go for it.
TRAVIS: I was looking at you.
MARISHA: 21.
(cheering)
MARISHA: Bring it to me!
TRAVIS: Still need a whisper corner.
LIAM: (singing) Ashley, Ashley's back, Ashley's
back in the game, she's back in the game and she's
never going back and Blindspot is no more. Well,
maybe it is, we're just not sure, we're waiting to
find out.
ASHLEY: (singing) We're waiting to find out, but
I'll be here for a minute now. Back to the game.
MATT: "That wasn't planned by anyone. If anything,
it might have saved our asses, because it made
"what you did small potatoes by comparison. I'm
thankful it happened, but look, those things
"continue to attack us from the eastern border, and
from what little information's coming through,
"it's getting worse with each passing week, so the
last thing I want to do is let any more of them
"into our backyard."
MARISHA: All right. You won't want to frame them
in any type of larger scheme, considering it seems
like you're quite irritated with them?
MATT: "Look, I know my limits. I'm not some
mastermind. I want to make some coin, I want to
"work with one of my skill sets, make the boss
happy. I stay mainly within the city. I don't want
"to deal with any bigger stuff than that. I'm just
a girl."
TRAVIS: I'm going to ask you a question you're
probably not going to give me the truth to. Is your
relationship with the Gentleman one of a debt or
one of convenience?
MATT: "It's one of convenience. Keeping it short
for you, it sure beats pickpocketing in the
"streets and being beaten when I'm caught."
TRAVIS: I hear that.
MARISHA: Interesting. How long have you been
working for the Gentleman?
MATT: "About eight years."
MARISHA: That's a long time.
MATT: "I worked my way up."
MARISHA: Does he feel the same about the
Xhorhasian as you do?
MATT: "As far as I know, yeah. It's not good for
business."
MARISHA: You know, it's not as difficult to rally
a society of people against another. It's not too
hard to start a war if you really want to.
MATT: "That's true, but-- I don't know his whole
plan, per se, but business works well when things
"are predictable. Right? And when there's war
involved, things get real unpredictable. Emotions
"are high. The amount of armed guard and military
gets high. We're forced to skulk in the shadows
"until it blows over. Last thing we want is for all
this to get any crazier then."
TRAVIS: I only have one other thing. I was taken
by Dolan's passionate message.
MATT: "Dolan's a good man. He's not caught up in
all this. Don't try and mix us up in that, right.
"He doesn't deserve it."
TRAVIS: All right. Is some of the business that we
can expect going to go against the fair people of
this city?
MATT: "Generally, no. Most of the folks that work
with the Gentleman and that we work for are
"well-paying because they're well-off. Some of them
aren't the most moral, either. We don't do
"anything that hurts the folk that don't deserve
it. At least from what I know. We don't kill, we
"don't murder. We just move and sell and deal in
various goods that aren't perfectly legal."
MARISHA: Did Ulog and Dolan know about your
involvement with the Gentleman?
MATT: "No."
MARISHA: All right, here's my question. Ulog was
in against the High-Richter. That was his
motivation. Dolan wanted to get after Lord Sutan
for running him out of his practice.
MATT: "Right."
MARISHA: What did you get out of all this?
MATT: "Well, if I have a friend that makes it high
in the political chain of the city-- Dolan-- and I
"have the ear of the Gentleman, that's a mighty
powerful ally to the underworld without that ally
"knowing."
TRAVIS: Indeed. That's a connection worth the
trouble.
MARISHA: You're only in it to be a middleman? No
goals or aspirations yourself?
MATT: "Well, there's good money in being the
middleman, if this works out. To be honest, it
"sure beats having to shuffle in the shadows. I
work better in public anyway. It's what I do for
"the Gentleman now."
MARISHA: Yeah. You got a nice face. It's good for
presentory purposes.
TRAVIS: "You got a nice face"?
MARISHA: She does! Look! She's got a good face!
TRAVIS: I'm glad you found a place here. It was
good to see you again.
MATT: "You too. Sorry--"
MARISHA: That was a compliment. Did it not?
TRAVIS: If I can't tell, you didn't--
MARISHA: That was a compliment. All right. Guess
we'll see you around.
MATT: "Stay safe. You know where to find me, or at
least ask about me, now. Looks like we're in bed
"one way or the other."
MARISHA: I mean--
TRAVIS: Leave that one alone.
MARISHA: All right. Let's go!
TRAVIS: We head downstairs.
MATT: All right. You join up with the rest of the
crew. You guys have all gathered again. What would
you like to do?
TALIESIN: Situationally, it could be a thing--
SAM: I think they're talking about the sword.
TALIESIN: Yeah, we've been talking about the
sword.
TRAVIS: Oh yeah, the one that we had for--
TALIESIN: Yeah.
SAM: Jester has it, doesn't she?
TALIESIN and TRAVIS: Yeah.
SAM: Jester, by the way, you seriously-- Your
farts have been disgusting tonight. I've been
sitting next to you all night , and it's just
foul. Foul.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Like sprinkles and hard candies.
Just (dry puffing).
MATT: "That's not me. That is just a gift from
the Traveler."
TRAVIS: (farting) Her skirt's like, (farting).
MATT: This is why you don't miss a game, Laura.
ASHLEY: But she's sick.
TRAVIS: (singing) I'm on the couch tonight!
(laughter)
LIAM: Jester, why are you smearing feces all over
your face?
TRAVIS: It's wafting over.
MATT: Anyway.
TRAVIS: Lucien--
SAM: We can pass out the sword later, but do you
think it's something you could use?
MATT: It a dark, graphite-colored blade
that's hooked in places and this gradual sharp. It's a
longsword, so it's not the beefy thing you're used
to.
ASHLEY: Okay.
SAM: What does she wield usually?
TRAVIS: Greatsword.
ASHLEY: Moontouched.
MATT: It is a hefty blade. What you're used to,
this one's a little smaller. It's still helpful,
but it's your call.
ASHLEY: I really saved up for the sword that I
have. I thank you guys for thinking of me, but--
SAM: Could you have it as a backup weapon or
something?
LIAM: Yeah, you could shoulder that motherfucker.
SAM: Could you dual wield?
MATT: I think you could use it with your Hexblade.
You can use it two-handed, do a d10, but that's up
to you. It's not as hefty or as sentimental as the
one you have.
ASHLEY: I'll hold on to it.
TALIESIN: We'll hold on. We'll see if you want to
play around with it, Fjord.
LIAM: Nott, maybe you could use it. You know, for
laughs.
SAM: Sure.
MATT: It's taller than Nott.
ASHLEY: It's taller than Nott?
TALIESIN: Yeah. Many things are taller than Nott.
SAM: I could use it as a makeshift shelter.
LIAM: You could do the pole vault.
TALIESIN: Interesting stuff there.
ASHLEY: What do you think, Fjord?
TRAVIS: Yeah, I think it's got some potential. Do
you mind if I hold on to it for a bit?
ASHLEY: No, by all means. I think I'm a bit
attached to my sword.
SAM: Can I just clock the tabaxi and see where
that satchel with our blood in it is? Did she
happen to put it down while she was over?
MATT: No, it is over her shoulder and by her
side.
LIAM: That's a shame
ASHLEY: That's a shame, because I wanted to get it
back.
TRAVIS: Nott, why don't you ask that big ogre by
the door what her name is?
SAM: Why? Why would I do that?
TRAVIS: You have such a way with people.
SAM: I do not.
TRAVIS: Yeah, you knock down the barriers, you get
right in. Icebreaker.
SAM: People hate me.
TRAVIS: No, that's not true at all.
LIAM: I will go with you, if you want. If you want
us to ask this--
SAM: There's no part of this that I want! But if
you'd like to go over there, I'll be your second.
LIAM: To the ogre?
SAM: Yeah. I'd be comfortable talking to that
little crazy gnome.
TRAVIS: Always good to make friends with the
doorman. You got to know this.
TALIESIN: That is a fair point.
SAM: All right, we can go talk to the ogre.
TRAVIS: Tell him that joke you know.
SAM: All right, sure.
LIAM: Let's go.
SAM: Can we go by the bar, though?
LIAM: This is a people-building exercise.
MATT: To lay it out, the whole room is shaped like
an L. Here's the far end, and this is the chamber.
You guys entered from this side, around the corner
the ogre's right there. The bar's up here, and
this is where the Gentleman was.
SAM: Going to swing by the bar, I need a refill.
Going to give the bartender my flask, and say:
Could you fill this entire thing up?
MATT: "Yeah, no problem. Boss said it's fine."
LIAM: He's good, pouring a flask like that.
SAM: Thank you.
MATT: He has practice. It's a little spilled. It's
a little messy.
SAM: I don't tip.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Character choice!
LIAM: Important note: Laura Bailey has texted in
that she hates us all.
SAM: We'll go over to the ogre, I guess?
LIAM: Sure. This is easy. We're all going to die.
MATT: You approach the ogre?
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: The ogre, who's standing roughly ten, 11
feet tall.
LIAM: This is a guy, it is a male ogre?
MATT: It is a male ogre, wearing patchwork hides
and fur over one shoulder, large belly, rippling
muscle arms, the maul held in one hand, resting
against the chest. Deep, angry jaw that has jowls
that swing as it turns its head to look towards
you. Both the eyes are dark and beady, with a
brown iris you can barely see under the folded
brow. As you approach, it (snorts).
LIAM: I also grab Jester by the wrist and drag her
along, because she makes everyone smile, so I
bring her with. Yeah, hello. I am sorry to bother
you, but I think that we are loosely connected
through work relations now. This is my friend
Nott, this is Jester. My name is Caleb Widogast,
and we are working for the Gentleman, much like
you are. We are going to be here--
SAM: What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye
deer!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Come on.
MARISHA: No, that's great.
MATT: (confused grunt)
TRAVIS: Oh no.
SAM: It didn't work.
MATT: Literally rolled an intelligence check to
see if he got it. And did not.
LIAM: You know, we don't want to take up too much
of your time, I was just hoping to learn two
things. One, what is your name?
MATT: "Kutha."
LIAM: I wipe the warm breath off of my face.
TRAVIS: Kutha.
LIAM: And my second question is: do you like
working for the Gentleman?
MATT: "Yeah."
TALIESIN: I've been informed by Jester that she is
now to use the Wand of Smiles.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: What is it?
(laughter)
TALIESIN: From the darkness, she strikes!
SAM: It looks so painful!
MATT: "What's happening?" (grunting) Clawing at the
jaw, trying to pull it down.
LIAM: I will take that as a yes. I am glad we are
doing business with this gentleman.
SAM: Good to meet you.
MATT: (groaning) "You do this?!"
SAM: No, it wasn't me! I didn't do anything! Let's
go!
TRAVIS: We should go.
MATT: This terrible grinning ogre, who seems
confused with the facial muscles not functioning.
TRAVIS: We go up the stairs and out.
MARISHA: You guys made friends. Good job.
TRAVIS: Kuthag? Or Kuth--
MATT: Kutha. K-U-T-H-A.
LIAM: Kutha.
MATT: Kutha. You guys make your way back up the
spiral staircase, out through the trapdoor in the
back storage room of the Evening Nip, exiting past
the bar where Clive Binz sits there waiting with
his half burn-scarred dwarven face, who gives you
a nod as you exit back into the city-- now, I
believe, in the late-afternoon, near dusk-- the sky
grows darker as you proceed onto the next leg of
your adventure. And that's where we're going to
take a break.
(cheering)
MATT: We'll be back here in a few moments, guys.
Please stick around; we have a great little video
at 826 that I think you want to check out to let
you know about the-- It's awesome, a bunch of us
went down there and I hope helped--
LIAM: We had the loveliest time, it was a great
day; please check it out.
MATT: We get to go back again on Saturday to
finish up our campaign for those kids, it's going
to be exciting. We have our Wyrmwood giveaway, of
course, for you folks out there. Those of you who
want to come over into Twitch chat to enter, the
code for tonight is "gentleman"-- "A", singular,
"gentleman"! Gentleman, not men. You can only
enter it once in the chat, any more than that and
you'll be disqualified. This is good for anyone in
the United States, Canada, excluding Quebec,
unfortunately, due to crazy rules and laws. But
here you have this fancy zebrawood deck box, which
is nice material that we're all going to be
signing and sending out, so we'll come back from
the break with the winner. Until then, hang tight,
enjoy the break, and we'll see you here in a few
minutes.
MARISHA: Hello, Critters! We are back at the Time
Travel Mart in Echo Park, California, which is one
of the homes of our beloved 826LA, and we're going
to tell you about this amazing organization and
maybe play some Dungeons & Dragons? Come on, I'll
show you around.
[funky music]
MARISHA: You all probably remember this guy, Joel,
the executive director from 826LA. Thank you so
much for having us and talking to us once again.
We've been doing this a few years now.
JOEL: I think this is our third or fourth time
together and I really appreciate the incredible
support you've given us over the years, so thank
you.
MARISHA: Yeah, aren't the Critters such an amazing
group? We've heard rumors of people coming and
stopping by and volunteering, yeah?
JOEL: Yeah, they're an incredibly generous group,
and we've had volunteer orientations a few times a
month, and there's always a good ten folks who show
up, and when we ask them, "How did you hear about
"us?" they talk about your show, and it's been a
huge help to us.
MARISHA: Oh my goodness, that warms my heart so
much. I love it. Okay, so give us a little bit of
a rundown on what 826 is, and what you guys do for
all the amazing kids that come through here.
JOEL: We're a writing and tutoring organization.
We really want to get kids excited about writing.
We want to honor their creativity and give them a
space where they can have fun and engage with
volunteers who can listen and help guide them in
their storytelling and in their writing. We do
this after school tutoring, we do night time
tutoring and we do workshops. We also do a field
trip program, and then we also go into schools all
across Los Angeles to provide this free,
one-on-one service to kids.
MARISHA: You guys have 826 chapters all over the
country, correct?
JOEL: That's right, we're part of 826 National,
which is our umbrella organization out of San
Francisco. We have chapters in San Francisco, we
have one in New York, in Chicago, D.C., Michigan,
Detroit. We're actually opening one in New Orleans
very soon.
MARISHA: (gasps) Hey, NOLA!
JOEL: NOLA. So we're excited. We're all very
connected and we share resources and support each
other. We're all independent non-profits in our
cities, but we collaborate and support each other.
MARISHA: I love it so much. You guys have the Time
Travel Mart, which is amazing, if you're ever in
Los Angeles, you have to come visit it. You have
different themes for each of those across the
nation, yeah?
JOEL: Yeah, so we have actually two Time Travel
Marts here in Los Angeles. We've got the one here
that we're in Echo Park, and we have one in Mar
Vista, which is from the 1890s-- this one's the
1980s Time Travel Mart. San Francisco has a pirate
store, New York has a superhero supply store, they
sell robot supplies in Michigan.
MARISHA: (laughs) That all feeds right back into
the organization, yeah?
JOEL: Yeah. All the profit from those sales help
pay for the free services we provide to kids from
six to 18 years of age.
MARISHA: How did that even come about? How did you
guys think to do that? It's so brilliant.
JOEL: Dave Eggers, one of the founders of the
organization, he was working with some volunteers
at our founding site in San Francisco, and when
they were taking apart the place, somebody said it
looked like the inside of a pirate ship. So they
decided to build a pirate store in the front. It
was a joke at first, but people started leaving
money at the counter. They didn't even have a
person who would take money-- people kept donating
and leaving money, so it became a concept, and all
the cities now have storefronts.
MARISHA: Now, if people want to get involved in
826LA or any of the 826's across the country, how
is the best way to go about doing that?
JOEL: Well, you can go to our website 826la.org,
and there's a whole section for volunteers where
you could learn about what it takes to volunteer and
you can sign up for volunteer orientation. All of
our chapters across the nation have their own
sites, so folks can visit and get involved.
MARISHA: Awesome. You don't necessarily have to
tutor if that's not your jam. You can do many
things, right?
JOEL: Yeah, we don't turn any volunteers away. We
try to figure out ways to get all volunteers
involved. We need help with design, we need help
with copy editing, we have a ton of projects that
we could always use help on.
MARISHA: Amazing. All skill sets are appreciated.
JOEL: Absolutely.
MARISHA: Joel, thank you, as always, for taking
the time.
JOEL: Thank you.
MARISHA: All right, we'll see you soon.
JOEL: See you soon.
MARISHA: All right, here's the deal: we are
dedicating the next four weeks to our favorite
charity, 826LA. Now, for every 5000 dollars we
raise, a new incentive will be unlocked for
everyone.
TALIESIN: For a complete list of those incentives,
head on over to geekandsundry.com.
LIAM: Additionally, D&D Beyond has offered to
donate $100 for every natural one rolled by the
Mighty Nein up until June-- including every
natural one rolled to date, making a positive out
of our misery.
TRAVIS: And we have an amazing community member
and Critter who has graciously offered to match
all donations up to $40,000. That means each
dollar that you donate will be doubled.
MATT: A huge thank you, of course, to our friends
at D&D Beyond, Geek and Sundry, and Wyrmwood for
being so wonderful to support 826LA and bring joy
to all of these kids. And, of course, we have to
thank you, the Critters, whose continuous care and
generosity even makes things like this possible.
So I guess it's time, guys.
ALL: Let's do this!
[break]
MATT: Welcome back. Great timing.
TRAVIS: They're getting worse.
MATT: So, we have our winner for the evening for
the Wyrmwood giveaway. It is LoupRouge. LoupRouge,
congratulations. Danoba will get your information
and we'll get that sent out to you ASAP. So
congrats! All right, bringing us back into the
game, you guys have all reassembled with a moment
of your thoughts on the outside of the Evening
Nip, just as the sun has set. The oranges and
purples of the sky have taken over with the little
bits that you can see beyond the cloud cover that
still seems to permeate the atmosphere above you.
With the recent storm mostly passed, it seems at
least the gray skies are clinging as hard as they
can. What do you wish to do?
LIAM: Sun's on its way down, you said?
MATT: The sun has recently set.
LIAM: It has set, okay.
TRAVIS: I feel like I should divvy up that gold
that I didn't hand out earlier.
TALIESIN: That is a very fine idea.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I'll have to remember--
MARISHA: We want to go back to the Leaky Tap?
TRAVIS: I'll have to remember to do that some
other day.
TALIESIN: I think that also sounds like a very
fine idea.
MARISHA: You know, that's safe. We should also
probably check in on the dodeca-doohickey as well.
TALIESIN: That's a fair point.
TRAVIS: Oh, right. Does Jester have that?
MATT: Jester has it, yeah, inside the backpack.
MARISHA: Oh, right, she has it. Never mind.
TRAVIS: I guess we should let Horris know that
he'll get an escort out of town, right?
MARISHA: Yeah. He was at the Leaky Tap, right? We
left him there?
MATT: You left him at the Leaky Tap, yeah.
MARISHA: Okay, yeah. Let's do that.
TRAVIS: Let's do it.
MATT: So you guys head back to the Leaky Tap. You
head back to your chambers, and within the one
room, Horris has been very careful. As soon as you
open the door, Horris immediately grabs the nearby
chair and like gets ready. "Oh. You've returned."
MARISHA: Going for the chair. I'm into it.
TRAVIS: Yeah, right?
MATT: "Sorry, just, I'm a little jumpy. How are
things going? How's the search been?"
TRAVIS: It went well. I think we found suitable
passage for you out of this city. Needless to say,
without involving you too much, we're going to
have someone take you out a secret entrance and
make sure you're safe on your way out.
MARISHA: I hope you're okay with being
blindfolded.
MATT: "I trust you. Yeah."
MARISHA: Sorry. It was part of the deal.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I guess it was.
MATT: "Okay. No, that's fine. (sighs) Thank you. I
can't even begin to express my thanks."
TRAVIS: I didn't write down how much fucking gold,
didn't I? 620.
SAM: Is Dolan gone? Already?
MARISHA: Dolan is staying. Horris is getting out
of Dodge.
SAM: Got it.
MARISHA: Horris, have you heard anything while
we've been gone, or have you been staying in here?
MATT: "I've been staying in here. I've been
looking out the windows. There's been more guard
"activity in the streets. It looks like they're
making their way inward into the city and
"beginning to inquire, at least from what I've
seen. That's it. Other than that, I've just been
"bored and reading this book." (chuckles)
TALIESIN: Page-turner.
MATT: "Yeah."
TRAVIS: Any favorite parts?
MATT: "Eh, no."
TRAVIS: Hate those. Pictures good?
MATT: "There aren't any pictures."
TRAVIS: What the fuck are you reading it for,
then?
MATT: (clears throat) "Anyway."
MARISHA: (whispers) Your Grog is showing.
TRAVIS: Yeah, sorry. Listen, everybody gets 104
gold.
SAM: 104 gold?!
TRAVIS: Yep, and three silver.
MARISHA: 104 gold.
TRAVIS: No, not you.
TALIESIN: Not yet.
ASHLEY: (laughs) Fuck off. I was there in spirit.
SAM: How many silver? What did you say?
TRAVIS: Three silver.
SAM: Oh.
LIAM: This is a good time to mention that in
between last game and this--
MATT: Oh, right.
LIAM: --cantrips not--
MATT: You can buy cantrip scrolls, but not--
LIAM: Right, but Caleb would have known that.
MATT: Right.
LIAM: After Liam had asked the DM.
MATT: Correct. You cannot transcribe cantrips.
LIAM: So we're switching out that cantrip for Hold
Person, if that was at the store.
MATT: Right. Yeah, it was. And paid the
difference.
LIAM: And Caleb is flat broke. Until right now!
MATT: There you go! Always skirting that edge. I
lived that life for three years.
TRAVIS: So did we all.
MARISHA: So much ramen.
TALIESIN: It was D&D ramen.
MATT: Paycheck, paycheck, paycheck. Paycheck! It's
gone.
TRAVIS: Cereal for dinner.
MATT: "Anyway."
TRAVIS: Well. I assume they'll come for you,
sometime in the night or in the morning. Hope you
won't mind if we don't wait. We traded your
expedited journey out of the city in order for us
to go and take care of some bit of business for
them.
MATT: "Very well. Just tell me what you need from
me, or what I should do."
TRAVIS: We didn't really ask, did we?
MARISHA: I thought he was coming with us when we
go to leave. That's what I thought.
TRAVIS: Oh.
MARISHA: Is that-- or am I mistaken?
TRAVIS: No, I think that's probably right.
MATT: You didn't specify. But that seems like it
might be a viable plan.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Either that or they'll kill him. (fake
laugh)
MATT: "What?"
MARISHA: Out of game, out of game! Don't, you're
not-- DM's not here. DM's not here.
MATT: DM's always here.
MARISHA: Well, we should probably blindfold him
ourselves on the way there so he just don't even.
We'll figure it out.
LIAM: You blindfold him on the way to being
blindfolded?
MARISHA: Yeah.
LIAM: Oh?
MARISHA: Because if we take him down into the
Evening Nip with us then they're going to want to
do the whole "Let me take your blood!" thing and
"You weren't here," and "Who the fuck are you?"
and all that shit.
LIAM: Oh.
TRAVIS: True.
TALIESIN: How are we going to get him through the
city with a blindfold on?
MARISHA: So we don't want to do that. Sorry, also
Marisha talking right now.
TRAVIS: Maybe just before we go in. Anything we
want to do before we go out on this errand?
SAM: Oh, I think there was one thing. Tell us
everything about you! Are you fucking kidding me?!
Leave! Leave, Horris! Leave!
MATT: "I'll step in one of the other rooms. Is
there a key I could--"
MARISHA: Here. I toss him mine and Jester's key.
Just don't steal any of the pillowcases or go
through any of our luggage.
TRAVIS: Yeah, they're booby-trapped.
MATT: "Okay." He leaves the room. As soon as he
leaves the room, Jester goes, "Okay, so tell us
"about you! Each!"
ASHLEY: I mean, this is not about me right now.
SAM: It could be!
ASHLEY: It doesn't need to be.
SAM: But you have secrets too! And you're a pair!
You know, I distinctly remember a moment when we
were the shady pair of this group. But now it
looks like you guys are!
TALIESIN: Everyone's a shady pair in this group.
Somehow, even as individuals, we are all
somehow shady pairs. It is just inevitable.
SAM: Now I'm hungry for pears.
TRAVIS: Sounds like a retirement home. The Shady
Pear.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I mean, Lucien, Noganon, what the fuck?
MARISHA: Lucien sounds very, "I'm trying to find
myself," by the way. Just throwing that out there.
SAM: Angsty teen.
MARISHA: Yeah, it's very angsty teen!
TRAVIS: Is your real name Peter?
MARISHA: I dated a few Luciens. Like, way too many
Luciens.
TALIESIN: Is this Marisha, or is this Beau?
MARISHA: This is... Beau.
TALIESIN: Never mind.
MARISHA: Beau, but it's still not necessarily
untrue.
TRAVIS: Undetermined percentage is still--
TALIESIN: We've all been Lucien.
LIAM: Six of one, half a dozen of another. Order
of the story.
MARISHA: Lot of guys in bands. Yeah.
TALIESIN: So. Well, I was born on the continent
of-- I really--
TRAVIS: No, don't stop. Just keep going.
SAM: Would you like a drink? Here. It's filled
with many alcohols from different taverns.
TALIESIN: I genuinely thought I would have some
bullshit together by now, and I'm really sort of stuck.
ASHLEY: Listen, I've never pushed you to talk
about anything. If you don't feel comfortable, you
don't owe any of us anything.
TALIESIN: It's dangerous, though. It's officially
dangerous.
TRAVIS: What, to tell us what you're about to tell
us? For us, or for you?
TALIESIN: At this point, what's the difference?
TRAVIS: Well, one's us and one's you.
MARISHA: We definitely left our vials in a shady
cellar with a bunch of underground criminals.
SAM: I stole three empty vials from that place.
I'm very excited about them. They're empty, but
they're still really shiny.
LIAM: (intones melody)
TRAVIS: They're all the same note because they're
all fucking empty. (intones melody) Oh no, that
wouldn't work.
SAM: But seriously.
TALIESIN: But seriously. I've been part of a shady
group. I've been dealing with shady friends for as
long as I can remember. If there's one thing I've
learned about dealing with people that you can't
trust, is that you have to trust them where you
can and not trust them where you can't. I'm not
saying that I know what I'm doing or anything, but
I don't want anybody-- I want this to work. I need
this to work. I've not done this in a while. All
right.
TRAVIS: I noticed that she kind of had the same
influence over the blood that you have, but
different.
TALIESIN: Yeah, that's interesting, isn't it? This
might even be easier if you just ask questions. I
really don't know how to tell this story.
LIAM: Why do you have so many names?
TALIESIN: I woke up without any names, or any
past, buried in the ground two years ago.
TRAVIS: Buried in the ground?
LIAM: You woke up buried in the ground?
SAM: Were you dead?
TALIESIN: Obviously not.
TRAVIS: In a box? In the dirt?
TALIESIN: In the dirt.
LIAM: And you are saying that you have no memory?
TALIESIN: My first memory, my oldest memory is
dirt in my face, underground.
SAM: Jester would like to cast Zone of Truth.
LIAM: Keeping it real on the field line!
SAM: She says: (as Jester) I would like to play
truth or dare, but without the dare.
TALIESIN: How honest do I have to be?
MATT: We'll find out in a second.
TALIESIN: Okay.
LIAM: Well, you can say whatever you want, but
whatever you say has to be true. That's how it
works. You can also just say, "I don't feel like
talking."
MATT: All right, all of you who are in the 15-foot
radius it's being cast in, which would probably
be... everybody. You're all staying close on this.
Everybody please make charisma saving throw.
LIAM: Wow.
MARISHA: Saving throw?
TRAVIS: Charisma saving throw?
MATT: Charisma saving throw.
SAM: I got a one.
ASHLEY: Hey, money!
SAM: Natural one! Ten dollars! To 826LA!
(cheering)
MARISHA: It's 100 dollars.
SAM: What!? That's even better!
MARISHA: 100 dollars for every natural one.
TALIESIN: I rolled a four.
SAM: Okay, you're in.
ASHLEY: 13.
LIAM: 13.
MARISHA: 16.
TRAVIS: 22.
MATT: You are the only two that succeeded.
Everyone else, you have to speak the truth.
LIAM: But, DM, we know that, we feel it, according
to the spell.
MATT: Yes. You all sense the energy come over you
and for a second you're a little confused by it.
TALIESIN: All right, that's not entirely true.
It's a vague memory. I don't really remember it.
It's kind of all jumbled. It's what I've been
told, about some of it.
MARISHA: So is that ritual she was rambling
about?
TALIESIN: I don't know.
TRAVIS: So before you woke up in the dirt,
nothing?
TALIESIN: There is no before. Whatever happened
before is not me. It's not part of anything--
(sighs)
SAM: Like your life reset somehow? Or you just
don't remember?
TALIESIN: Some asshole got buried in the dirt.
Fuck him. I am enjoying what I'm doing; I want
nothing to do with that. Anything that came
before, I was happy to just leave it be.
LIAM: Yeah, but do you have any theories for what
happened before?
TALIESIN: No.
MARISHA: Did you look the same, or did you come
back--?
TALIESIN: How would I know?
SAM: Everything before two years ago is nothing to
you. Black.
TALIESIN: That's somebody else.
TRAVIS: Two years ago, did you have all those
tattoos?
TALIESIN: No, not exactly.
SAM: Any of them?
TALIESIN: Some of them, yes.
LIAM: How much time passed between waking up in a
dirt box and the circus?
TALIESIN: Days. I was a bit out of it. It's hard
to remember. I wasn't speaking, really. Do you
have memories from your childhood?
LIAM: Yeah, many.
TRAVIS: Sure.
TALIESIN: It felt like that. It's all bright and
more meaningful than it should be. There was just
nothing. I was practically catatonic; I was barely
speaking.
MARISHA: Did you wake up to people, or alone?
TALIESIN: Alone.
LIAM: Are you a good guy?
TALIESIN: I'd like to think so.
TRAVIS: Why did she seem like she looked up to you
so much?
TALIESIN: I don't know. I don't know who that was.
I've never heard the name Lucien before, or that
other name. I've never heard of any of it.
ASHLEY: I didn't realize you didn't. You did a
good job at pretending.
TALIESIN: Yeah, well. I like pretending.
Pretending's great.
Who cares where anybody came from?
MARISHA: How do you know she actually thinks it's
you and not, you know, maybe she just mistook you
for someone actually named Lucien?
TALIESIN: That's possible except, of course, she
had weird blood powers.
MARISHA: So this happens to you.
TALIESIN: Few months after I came to, I started
noticing I could do things, knew things that I
didn't necessarily know I knew.
LIAM: Are you talking about your abilities?
TALIESIN: Yeah. I can-- can I see that dagger?
SAM: I have three of them.
TALIESIN: Pick one.
SAM: (dink)
TALIESIN: Ice.
MATT: You watch as this large cluster of moisture
all of a sudden solidifies around the outside of
the blade, and the blade is now encrusted in
jagged ice shards that just stick out, the steam
coming off of it. Mist.
SAM: That's amazing. I would ask about how you
discovered that, because that would not be
something that I would ever just do, just to just
see. But we'll leave that for another day.
TALIESIN: Oh no, I can, we're here. This is
happening. That's fine.
SAM: Question. Go back two beats. You said, "Who
cares about what happened before?"
TALIESIN: Yeah.
SAM: Do you really not want to know your past?
Answer truthfully.
TALIESIN: I really don't. Whoever that was came to
that end, and I want nothing to do with that.
Whatever it was, it doesn't feel good when I-- the
moment when something creeps through, I don't like
it. I don't want anything to do with it. I was
happy! I liked the circus! The circus was great!
LIAM: (As Jester) "Oh! I have a question! Is there
anyone in the group you find super attractive?"
(As Liam) A text from Laura.
TALIESIN: Yes.
MATT: I think she was asking Yasha.
LIAM: Oh, ask Yasha, oh.
ASHLEY: Too late.
LIAM: (As Jester) "What about you?"
MATT: As the nature of the spell, you know you are
under the effect of it, and you can be dodgy if
you need to, but it's up to you.
LIAM: (As Jester) "You can tell me!"
TALIESIN: That's a good Laura.
ASHLEY: I feel like-- it's a very good Laura. Yes, of
course there are people here that I think are very
attractive and charming, but that doesn't mean I
will act on that.
TALIESIN: You can be monosyllabic if you like with
these people.
TRAVIS: Molly--
TALIESIN: Mm-hmm.
TRAVIS: In the years that have gone by--
SAM: Yasha has a crush on me.
TRAVIS: Has anyone called you any other names
besides Molly, Lucien or--
SAM: Nonagon?
TRAVIS: Yeah. Mahna Mahna.
TALIESIN: Yeah, whatever that was. Not without me
feeding it to them first. I mean, I've conned
people. We've all conned people. I've used other
names before.
TRAVIS: No, but did they know you? Did they come
up and give you a name?
ASHLEY: This was the first time that's
happened.
TALIESIN: A lot of this was in the hopes that
maybe it would never happen, keep moving, keep quiet.
TRAVIS: You don't know anything about the ritual
she was talking about?
TALIESIN: But I'll say this, and I'm going to put
the knife down. Is there anything sharp around?
Anything at all?
TRAVIS: In this group?
MATT: Yeah, plenty of things that are sharp.
TALIESIN: Something that's even ridiculous, like
something not normal.
MATT: Yeah, I mean, there are jagged parts of the
wooden frame of the bed.
TALIESIN: Perfect! I'm just going to cut myself
again on the wooden frame and grab it, and use radiance.
MATT: Okay. You watch as this bright, vibrant
light billows out of it, glowing in the vicinity,
similar that you've seen it encase the scimitar.
TALIESIN: I'll admit, this is new.
TRAVIS: Yeah, that's a hell of a thing.
TALIESIN: You got to see the first time this
happened.
TRAVIS: Right.
LIAM: Yasha, how much of this was under wraps? You
knew any of this, in your time in the circus with--
ASHLEY: I knew that he woke up and that he did not
know who he was, but this was the first time that
this has happened. Where someone has come to us
and recognized him from his past.
LIAM: (As Jester) "Molly, what about have you ever
pooped your pants?"
TRAVIS: That's actually in the text thread chain.
TALIESIN: Not that I'm-- Well, no. That's fair,
sure. Well, it was worth it every time.
SAM: I'm sorry to belabor this, but what if you
had a good life before this? What if you were
famous or rich or had friends or family?
ASHLEY: I think were quite an amazing person--
TALIESIN: Okay, here's the thing that you're not
catching. That wasn't me. This is mine. I don't
want anything from that other person anymore. That
person is someone else. I don't want anything to
do with it. I did not feel good coming out of
that. It was-- I'm in for a penny, might as well.
I'm told, although I don't entirely remember this
part, that I only said the word empty over and
over again for the first week.
TRAVIS, MARISHA, and SAM: Empty?
TALIESIN: I don't know what that means.
LIAM: M.T. or empty?
TALIESIN: Empty. I don't know. Barely remember.
LIAM: Jester? I feel your touch on this
conversation, is this all accurate?
MATT: "As far as I can tell, yes. He did indeed
poop his pants."
LIAM: And the rest?
MATT: "Oh that too, yes!"
SAM: Empty.
TALIESIN: That sounds terrible. I don't want to
remember anything. I don't want to anybody else's
baggage in my head and I don't want anybody else's
problems, thoughts, ideas. I like this person,
right now is a good person. Is a fine person. Is a
happy person.
MARISHA: She kept referencing a book.
TRAVIS: No idea.
TALIESIN: Sounds shifty.
MARISHA: What if we could find the book?
TALIESIN: Nope. I don't want it.
LIAM: Well, I will say, I am a little concerned
about, you know, loose ends coming to bite you,
and us in the butt. However--
TALIESIN: We all have a few, I assume.
LIAM: I believe in second starts and that's enough
for me.
TALIESIN: Can you imagine what it would feel like
to not feel anything about anything that had
happened to you so far?
TRAVIS, LIAM, and SAM: No.
MARISHA: Yes.
TALIESIN: Why am I not surprised?
SAM: What do you mean yes? You can imagine what
it's like what it's like to not feel anything
before this moment? Have you died before?
MARISHA: No. Doesn't mean you have to find meaning
in meaningless things.
TALIESIN: It's very freeing. It's the best thing--
it's the thing that happened to me. It's not the
best thing that happened to me, it's the thing
that happened to me. I found peace in building a
new person. The Moonweaver--
MARISHA: You know just because you know about your
past doesn't mean you have to be beholden to it.
SAM: That's true.
MARISHA: If you--
TALIESIN: What if it feels that I owe it
something?
MARISHA: You don't owe your past shit. If I don't
feel anything about my past, but I still remember
it and I still don't give a fuck about where I
came from then, why should you care about shit
that you don't even remember?
TRAVIS: That's a layered question.
TALIESIN: I spent two years before I met you all
cajoling people, occasionally ripping them off,
occasionally doing a good turn here or there.
Never trust the truth. The truth is vicious. The
truth thinks you owe it something. None of that. I
like my bullshit. It's good. It's happy. It makes
other people happy.
SAM: But it's not who you are.
TALIESIN: It is exactly who I am.
TRAVIS: Can I ask you, when you're praying over
your swords at night, are you actually doing anything?
TALIESIN: Well, do you know who the Moonweaver
is?
TRAVIS: No.
TALIESIN: Excellent. The swords are cheap carnival
glass. There's nothing special about them.
LIAM: May I make a check to see if I have ever
heard of the Moonweaver?
MATT: Make a religion check.
SAM: Is the Moonweaver not real?
LIAM: 23.
MATT: Oh yeah, you've definitely heard of the
Moonweaver.
TALIESIN: Literally a decorated pair of swords to
make them look special.
MATT: The Moonweaver is classically more of an
elven deity. They are a god over night, of
shadows, music, there's a lot of variations to
what they go over, but they are definitely not one
of the approved religions in the empire, and is
not considered one of the betrayer gods
classically. Is an inspiration for a lot of art in
classic elven history, even some modern. The
caretaker of evening trysts. Has a lot of unique
history to the Moonweaver.
TRAVIS: So it's you that's special, not your
swords.
TALIESIN: That's true.
MARISHA: Molly, you seem like you have a pretty
solidified identity for someone who has only had
consciousness for two years.
TALIESIN: Things came back quick, and the circus
helped. They were good people. They did a lot of
me and joy can fill an awful lot of a person's
life.
MARISHA: Things came back quick; do you feel like
there's still remnants of whoever you once were that
have informed who you are now?
TALIESIN: Maybe. I feel tinges of things on
occasion, nothing I like.
MARISHA: Interesting.
SAM: If you always lie and bullshit, how are we
ever going to believe you?
TALIESIN: Because I always lie and bullshit.
MARISHA: I can kind of agree with that. Cheers to
bullshit.
TALIESIN: I may be a liar but I'm never a
betrayer. I'm honest in my work, and I believe in
doing a good turn. I've never cheated you out of
money. I've never robbed from you. I stayed with
that circus for two years, I know how people treat
each other. It's important. And all that stuff you
told me before? I've got to admit, I didn't even
listen to any bit of it. I was just trying to
teach you a lesson. I don't care where you've
been. I don't care what terrible things any of you
have done. You're here now. This is how it works.
LIAM: (as Jester) "Molly?"
TALIESIN: Yes, darling.
LIAM: (as Jester) "I have a question."
TALIESIN: Of course.
LIAM: (as Jester) "Can you really read fortunes?"
TALIESIN: I use fortunes to tell people what I see
in them. But sometimes, sometimes, I feel like
maybe there's something that tickles the back of
my head, I will admit.
LIAM: (as Jester) "You have a feeling?"
TALIESIN: Some days.
MARISHA: Don't believe him, Jester.
TALIESIN: Am I lying?
SAM: He has to be telling the truth.
MATT: No.
TALIESIN: Thank you.
TRAVIS: He has to.
ASHLEY: I do feel like you actually, weirdly, have
a gift for that.
TALIESIN: I always try to be helpful when I turn
cards for people.
MARISHA: You ever think you could actually be
doing damage, though? Setting people on false paths?
TALIESIN: People are looking for a path, they're
looking for a path. And I'll tell you-- and this
is true-- I did my best every town I went to and
every town I left, no matter how they treated me--
and a lot of them treated me with deep
disrespect.
MARISHA: Some people are vulnerable and looking
for answers.
TALIESIN: I left every town better than I found
it.
SAM: Which tattoos are the old ones? I mean, I
don't want to see your naked body or anything. But
do you have some?
TALIESIN: Is it-- yeah, no. So I show off the
peacock a little bit. One of the peacock feathers
on the neck--
LIAM: What about your tattoos, though?
TALIESIN: Thank you, Liam. One of the eyes on one
of the peacock feathers is a bright crimson red,
which any of you if you'd ever made a fucking
insight check would know. God, I was waiting for
you to fuck with me. It's also the same place that
he bleeds every time that he uses any of his
powers. There's also a red eye on the snake on the
palm, and there's a red eye on the snake on the
opposite side of the hand.
SAM: What does that mean? What does it mean?
Caleb, what does it mean?
LIAM: That's a lot of ink, man.
SAM: Red eyes or something?
TALIESIN: There are various--
LIAM: Hey, does any of that symbology mean
anything to me?
MATT: Not at the moment. How much do you show?
TALIESIN: I'm just showing the snake, the two
snake eyes. I'm showing the peacock eye. And then
I'm going to show the eye in the floral
arrangement.
MARISHA: Come on, Patterson, come on. Help us out
here right now. This is your day job.
ASHLEY: Well, I'll have to look at my tattoo
database.
(laughter)
SAM: Get out the black light.
TALIESIN: I tried to cover them, but they wouldn't
take ink. So I just did my best.
SAM: They're not tattoos?
TALIESIN: No. I don't know what they are.
SAM: They're just markings?
TALIESIN: I don't know.
TRAVIS: But you don't remember getting them? They
just appeared?
SAM: They were just there.
LIAM: (as Jester) "(clears throat) Caleb, I have a
question."
TRAVIS: You don't have to do every one of these
that's she's going to fucking write.
LIAM: (as Jester) "Do you shave your butt?"
(as Caleb) I can truthfully say--
TALIESIN: I don't.
LIAM: No, that was for me.
TALIESIN: But now that you bring it up, because
I'd never occurred to it, I might start.
TRAVIS: That was to Caleb.
TALIESIN: Oh, that was for Caleb. Never mind,
sorry.
SAM: No, that's very interesting. Good to know.
LIAM: Now you know that neither Molly nor I shave
our butt.
TALIESIN: Who butt shaves?
LIAM: And also there's not a lot of hair there
anyway, so.
MATT: And also, there's only a couple minutes more
left on the spell.
TALIESIN: Anything else before we're done here?
MARISHA: Did you ever know anyone who did used to
try and set people on wrong paths with their
fortune telling?
TALIESIN: No. We tried--
That's dangerous work and it'll
usually backfire. No interest in that. It's mostly
just trying to help people get their shit
together. Did someone send you on the wrong path?
MARISHA: No.
TALIESIN: That's fair. I don't care, to be fair.
MARISHA: Still in the Zone of Truth now.
TRAVIS: Is there anything about you that you don't
want us to know?
TALIESIN: Yes. Everything. I like the safety of
it, and if I had had my way, this would've been a
conversation for a later date. But I need to
protect you and myself from whatever that is, so
you need to know that that is a wild card.
TRAVIS: I appreciate that.
MARISHA: Well this was fun.
SAM: I feel like we should do this every night.
But I will say this: Lucien?
TALIESIN: It's a terrible name.
SAM: It's terrible.
TALIESIN: I don't ever want to know who that
person is.
SAM: It's like a kid with a soft mustache that's
not like a real-- you know, like a--
TALIESIN: Let me make this abundantly clear. My
name is Molly. That person is dead and not me.
It's just a person who had this body. They
abandoned it, it's mine now.
SAM: I think that you need to know where you've
been to know where you're going and I respect your feelings--
TALIESIN: And I feel that you're fretfully
ignorant and filled with platitudes. But I still
like you regardless.
SAM: I feel like when you're ready to know your
past, I would support that and I would help you
find it.
TALIESIN: Maybe he killed goblins. Maybe he was a
goblin hunter. Maybe he ate them. Raw.
LIAM: Perhaps we have learned all we need to learn
from this conversation. Maybe it is time to turn in.
We have some things to do tomorrow. I am
satisfied, Mollymauk Tealeaf. For now.
TALIESIN: This was not how I expected this to go.
Thank you.
MARISHA: For what it's worth, I like you a little
better now.
SAM: Me too.
MARISHA: You don't have to reciprocate it.
TALIESIN: I'm waiting for the spell to dissipate
before I say anything.
MATT: About now the spell has dissipated.
TALIESIN: I both like you more and less at the
same time.
MARISHA: I get that a lot.
SAM: Is the spell gone?
MATT: The spell's gone.
SAM: Goddamn it! Yasha, tell us everything! Fuck!
MATT: You can still press her.
TALIESIN: Thank you, dear. (sighs)
TRAVIS: Should we turn in before we head out
tomorrow?
MARISHA: Oh yeah, Fjord and I found out that we're
probably going to be facing some undead wispy
things that might electrocute us.
SAM: I think we all-- did we all find out? No?
TRAVIS: Yeah, we came out and told you that.
TALIESIN: Even that "undead wispy things," is that
triggering anything in the brain?
MATT: You know, go ahead and make a religion
check. With advantage.
LIAM: The Gentleman described the research
facility to everybody right? Before they split off?
MATT: He what?
LIAM: The Gentleman.
MATT: Yes.
LIAM: Described the research facility, the job to
everybody.
MATT: To everybody who was present at the table
and remained within the vicinity at the moment.
LIAM: Right. So we all heard that?
MATT: Yep.
TALIESIN: 19.
MATT: Yeah, you're familiar with these entities.
They're generally undead orbs that--
TALIESIN: Undead orbs.
MATT: That haunt swamps, haunt areas where they
seek life force to siphon it and devour it.
They're will-o'-wisps.
TALIESIN: They're basically will-o'-wisps. You
usually find them in swamps or things like that.
MARISHA: Okay. Do you know how to fight them?
TALIESIN: Yes. Am I smoldering?
MARISHA: You are.
(chuckles)
TALIESIN: Yes.
MARISHA: Yes. It's so good. It's a good movie.
TALIESIN: I know. Anyway. All right.
TRAVIS: We'll turn in.
MATT: All right, you guys all turn in?
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: All right. An evening's rest takes you as
you all take a while, ruminating on the events of
the day, the information acquired and the path
before you. You eventually find yourselves to
sleep so you can take your long rests for the
night. Are you doing anything with the sword?
TRAVIS: With the sword?
MATT: Yeah.
SAM: The one-- you mean the--
MATT: The one that you took from Yasha.
TRAVIS: Oh.
MATT: Are you--
TRAVIS: Not yet.
MATT: Not yet? Okay. Anybody else? Anything? All
right then. As the morning comes to, you all wake
up relatively early because you went to bed
relatively early. It's shortly after sunrise. You
find yourself conscious. Some of the first to
really hit the downstairs tavern for breakfast.
Food is served, drinks are had and the morning and
day is yours. What do you wish to do?
TRAVIS: How long does it take to attune to
something? An hour? Shit, maybe I should have--
MARISHA: A short rest.
MATT: You can do it if you want.
MARISHA: Yeah, you could do it if you want.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I want to try to attune to the
Wastehunter Blade.
MATT: Okay. So you focus on it and as you lie
there, concentrating on it, you extend the essence
of whatever pact you've made with this entity into
this weapon. As you finally finish the period of
time, you hold the blade in front of you and it
vanishes into the pocket.
TRAVIS: Nice.
MATT: As you force it to apparate once more in
your grasp and the blade returns, it has the same
hooked shape, but now this blade is encrusted with
barnacles along the base of it. Edges of it have
curved around and water continues to drip off
this. It seems to have transferred whatever the
essence of this pact blade is to this one. At this
moment you realize whatever weapon you seem to
bond with in this way will carry that same aquatic
essence based on the communion that you've acquired.
TALIESIN: Did you do this alone or was I in the
room when this happened? I would have loved to
have watched this.
TRAVIS: Yeah, you were there.
TALIESIN: I walk up, get a little uncomfortably
close, put my hand on your chest. The power was in
you, all along. See you at breakfast!
LIAM: Oh no. I'm going to scuttle off and go over
to Pumat's. I have just a short little shopping.
TRAVIS: Oh, I need to go as well.
LIAM: Oh, you do? Okay. So I'm having bacon down
below, so I will wait until I see you.
SAM: Anyone need to go to Pumat's?
TRAVIS: Oh, you know who should come? Yasha.
SAM: She's never met Pumats Sols.
ASHLEY: Pumats?
TRAVIS: Yeah. The Invulnerable Vagrant.
SAM: It's a quartet. It's a doo-wop group.
MARISHA: It's crazy.
SAM: They all sing bass.
LIAM: You need to let your soul glow.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MARISHA: Hey, would you all mind looking in to see
if you find any throwing stars or any throwing
darts? Here, I'll give you some-- here.
LIAM: Shuriken?
MARISHA: Yeah. See, I need something-- I give him
a little bit of gold to see if he--
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: How much is a little bit?
MARISHA: Here. Here's ten gold.
LIAM: Hey!
MARISHA: Bring me back the change.
LIAM: For throwing stars from Pumat. Okay. I will
definitely ask him if he has "throwing stars."
MARISHA: If he does not have throwing stars ask
for darts or the equivalent. Do not fuck me here,
Caleb. Do not fuck me.
LIAM: Not interested, but I will ask about the
items you are looking for.
SAM: Seems pretty aggressive for a favor.
MATT: Classic Beauregard.
TRAVIS: You'll like this. Pumat Sol is-- how would
you describe? Unique?
LIAM: Well, not one-of-a-kind.
TRAVIS: Mm-hmm.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Maybe we should just--
TALIESIN: Did you just tell a joke?
LIAM: No.
TALIESIN: (sighs) It's a shame. It was a very good
one.
SAM: Germans don't tell jokes.
(laughter)
MATT: Zemnians.
SAM: Zemnians experience only pain.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Anybody else coming to the Invulnerable
Vagrant besides the three of us? Yep, four.
ASHLEY: What's it called?
TRAVIS: The Invulnerable Vagrant.
SAM: Is everybody going to go?
MARISHA: I'll stay here and watch Horris. Me and
Jester, right.
MATT: Jester will stay as well. There you go.
MARISHA: I'm going to go wake him up. He's been
sleeping in. Asshole.
SAM: (as Jester) "I have the diarrhea."
(laughter)
MARISHA: Come on Jester, come on.
LIAM: Oh man.
TRAVIS: (as Jester) "Don't make me laugh."
MATT: Oh, boy.
LIAM: Laura is texting with a full case of FOMO
right now. Ooh.
TALIESIN: She's slowly sharpening a blade at home,
just--
LIAM: We miss you, Laura. Next week.
TRAVIS: When I come home all the lights will be
off with just a candle and a chair.
LIAM: When you get home, just the blinds are
open.
MATT: All righty. So for those of you who are
making your way towards the Pentamarket, you
eventually find the outskirts of the Invulnerable
Vagrant. You enter the interior and there are two
other individuals that are doing business with two
of the Pumats.
TRAVIS: Do we recognize them?
MATT: You do not. They seem to be just asking
questions and looking about the vicinity.
MARISHA: Before they leave, can I be like, don't forget, they're looking for us. To Molly.
TALIESIN: Do I recognize these people?
MATT: You do not.
TALIESIN: Okay. I may have the chill cloak
flipped, to try and be a little less conspicuous
rolling around, for what it's worth.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: You did the artist formerly known as
Prince?
MATT: So as you enter the chamber and you see the
two Pumats are busy, the counter is currently not
helmed and they're mid-discussion, but one of them
turns and kind of acknowledges you enter. "Oh,
that's real nice to see you. Just relax there a
bit. If you need help immediately we can see if
Prime's available."
TRAVIS: Well, if you wouldn't mind, this is one of
our compatriots. This is Yasha. New to your establishment.
MATT: "Yasha. That's a wonderful name. I can't
help you because I'm helping this person, but just
hang tight a second. Pumat? He'll be right with
you."
ASHLEY: Isn't he Pumat?
MATT: You see two of them that look identical in
the room.
ASHLEY: Oh, you guys are twins?
MATT: "Something like that. He'll be right with
you." Turns around.
LIAM: Just breathe it in.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: You hear a couple of heavy footfalls, what
sounds like a toppling of some metallic pan that
(clattering metal) like, "Ah, shi-- hello!" The
curtain opens and you see one of the Pumats, but
with a set of goggles right above the head, an
apron on with a bunch of different tools and
various accoutrements stuffed into different
pockets. "Hey, so I'm helping someone. Who needs help?
TRAVIS: Oh, actually--
ASHLEY: Okay.
TRAVIS: This is our friend Yasha. She's new to
your establishment.
ASHLEY: Hello.
MATT: "Right. Now, you've been here before. You're
working with the other ones. All right. Morning.
Morning to you. Hey, can I help you?"
ASHLEY I just-- I mean, do you have Chinese stars?
Throwing stars?
MATT: "I don't understand what that is."
ASHLEY: They're like pointy things that you throw
and they're metal.
MATT: "Oh. Are you talking about a dagger or a
dart or something like that?"
ASHLEY: Darts, daggers-- darts.
MATT: "You can probably go to a blacksmith and get
that made for you. I don't really craft things
here from their base components. We generally take
them and I enchant them to a better degree. I make
generally not-so-great things pretty great."
ASHLEY: Oh!
LIAM: I gather we all hear this conversation,
yeah?
MATT: Yeah. And you're catching that Pumat Prime is a
little surlier than the other ones. He seems like
he's a little more down to business than the
various versions of him out there.
TALIESIN: We're probably going to be dealing with
some restless spirits actually, so if there's
anything to deal with some of these
phantasmagorical creatures, will-o'-wisps, that
sort of thing.
MATT: "Ah, interesting. You're going to be dealing
with some of the spiritual realm, you say?"
TALIESIN: Yeah, inevitably.
MATT: "All right. Let's see. Pretty sure I got
maybe a vial or two of holy water if that's what
you're looking for. That's not usually my purview,
but we keep a couple in stock just in case. Let me
see what I can muster." Goes ahead and rummages
through in the back. You hear more metal and glass
clanking and one box gets shifted off to the side.
"Ah, dang nabbit."
TRAVIS: Yasha, do you have any healing potions?
ASHLEY: I don't. That's actually-- I wanted to get
some. Let's see. Just want to double check to see
if I do.
MATT: "All righty." Comes out. "I've got two vials
of holy water remaining. Those will run you about
25 gold pieces apiece if you want them."
TALIESIN: Perfect. That's exactly what I was
looking for was two vials of holy water.
MATT: "Well, look at that. It's like it was meant
to be. Straight up destiny."
SAM: (laughs)
TALIESIN: Probably need some healing potions or
something?
ASHLEY: Yeah. Do you have some healing potions?
MATT: "Ah, well you see, funny thing with all of
these adventurers, keep coming in and clearing me
out. We got maybe two more, but you got to give us
time to restock. You guys, your friends here have
been mighty hungry."
ASHLEY: Well, they're the Mighty Nein.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Oh my god, that head shake afterwards.
MARISHA: Her initial regret.
TRAVIS: The bail.
MARISHA: Immediate nope. Nah.
ASHLEY: How much are they?
MATT: "Those will put you back about 50 gold
pieces apiece since we have the friendly discount
of repeated customers. Isn't that right, one of--
me's? One of the Pumats goes, "That's correct.
They've been in here a few times." He's like, "All
right. Great. Thank you for looking out there,
buddy. All right. So--"
TRAVIS: I'm really glad to hear that friendly
discount's getting even friendlier. That really
nice cloak you have on the wall.
MATT: "Yep?"
TRAVIS: How much is that?
MATT: "Oh, you're referring to that protection
cloak. Let's see here." (grunts) Takes it off the
counter, checks it. "That'll run you back about
800 gold pieces."
TRAVIS: I fell face first into some coin recently.
I think I'll take that.
SAM: Whoa!
MATT: "Well." You watch the demeanor shift a
little bit from like the "I'm busy." Like "Well,
happy to see a big spender coming on first thing
in the morning." You start seeing more of the
connection with the other Pumats.
LIAM: Ah, regular Percival de Rolo over here.
MATT: "Well, might I have your name? I don't think
we've had the pleasure personally."
TRAVIS: Fjord.
MATT: "Fjord--?"
SAM: Tough.
MATT: "Fjord Tough. Pumat Sol Prime. And I
believe this is now known as "Fjord's Cloak."
ASHLEY: So does that mean that the-- I've seen a
deal somewhere with somebody, also threw in some
healing spells when they bought a cloak? Is that a
thing?
MATT: "You're looking for a discount for the
healing potion?"
ASHLEY: Yeah.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
ASHLEY: My charisma's fucked.
MATT: I know. But, hey, you never know.
TRAVIS: I like it.
LIAM: Yasha and Caleb in Napoleon Dynamite.
ASHLEY: 14.
MATT: 14? "You know what? I'm not going to lie.
I'm kind of a fan of the no-nonsense kind of a
lady. So, sure, I'll throw in a ten gold discount
on each of those healing potions. So that's 80
gold for you for the two."
ASHLEY: I'll take them.
MATT: "All righty. Here you go."
ASHLEY: Thank you.
MATT: "Okay."
LIAM: I'm sorry, I have a simple request.
MATT: "That's all right. Simple requests are
always open. What do you need?"
LIAM: About 100 gold worth of ink for transcribing
arcane knowledge.
MATT: "Yeah, more of that wizard stuff. I got that
for you. I got two ink vials there. Those'll last
you for a little while. Get that going for you.
Some parchment. 100 gold, friend. Thank you very
much. Pleasure doing business with you."
LIAM: I have four gold to my name again.
SAM: If you need a loan, I can--
LIAM: Don't worry about it.
MARISHA: Being a wizard's expensive, ja?
LIAM: It is. It is.
ASHLEY: Yeah, I have no money.
TALIESIN: We'll make some money.
SAM: Were there any throwing weapons that you
have, even if they're enchanted?
MATT: "Well, I do have one enchanted dagger, if
you're so interested."
SAM: Would she like that?
LIAM: I don't think she would, actually.
SAM: She doesn't like to throw daggers. She only
likes to throw--
LIAM: She might, but it doesn't seem her bag.
SAM: What does it do?
MATT: "Well this one, when it's thrown, if it
misses, it comes right back to you."
SAM: It comes right back to you?
MATT: "If it misses."
SAM: A dagger that comes back to you?
MATT: "If you miss with it."
SAM: Caleb, did you hear that?
LIAM: Sounds like bullshit to me.
SAM: That's incredible.
MATT: "It's pretty useful. I don't know about
incredible."
TRAVIS: If you miss with it.
MATT: "Look, I'm just being straight with you.
It's a pretty useful thing on occasion."
LIAM: What about yourself?
SAM: Oh, I'm fine. He's already-- they're already
making me something.
LIAM: Yeah, but I've seen you throw a dagger or
two in your time and you always have to walk out
to the tree and pull it out or walk out to the
gnoll and pull it out. This way it would come
right back to you. Think about it.
SAM: Throwing a dagger just seems so inelegant to
me. I don't know why. They're meant to cut food
and to eat food with.
MATT: "I mean no offense to any of you here, but I
got to get right back to work. Looks like one of
my me's is available to help you for the rest of
this--"
LIAM: I understand. If she changes her mind, we'll
let you know.
MATT: "Yeah, no, well, let them know. Thank you so
much. Have a wonderful day. It's a pleasure to see
you again. You too."
ASHLEY: Nice to meet you.
MATT: "Nice to meet you as well, big lady." He
takes his goggles down. "Have a good day." He
turns around and goes into the back chamber. It's
funny, him saying big lady, because he's huge.
He's bigger than you are. He goes into the back
and goes right back to work and you hear another
foot hit the pan. "Ah, I need to-- aw man."
LIAM: How high are the ceilings in this store?
MATT: The ceiling's probably about ten-foot.
LIAM: I low how your voice went (low voice) to
(imitating Matt) "The ceiling's about--" Okay. Got it.
MATT: "Hi. Sorry about that. I was helping a
customer, but he's left now. Not purchasing
anything. So I'm happy to help you. What can I do
for you?"
TALIESIN: I think we're pretty well taken care of
at this point.
TRAVIS: We got everything we need.
MATT: "All righty. Well, have a wonderful day and
come by whenever you like, big spender. I saw that."
SAM: Is my flask coming along all right?
MATT: "Coming along fine. I think that's part of
what Pumat's working on right now."
SAM: Add any sort of shiny finish to it or some
extra flair or baubles to it, that would be fine.
MATT: "I'll see what we can do. Thank you."
SAM: Thank you.
MATT: "Thank you."
SAM: All right. Thank you.
MATT: All right. Thank you.
TRAVIS: We leave. Unique, huh?
ASHLEY: That's a-- I've never seen any-- I thought
they were related and then they all have the same
name so I guess that's another thing.
TRAVIS: Yeah. You're quite the word wizard with
the haggling there.
ASHLEY: Listen. I realize I'm not great with
people. Just no need to point it out.
TRAVIS: I was being honest. You actually got money
off.
ASHLEY: Oh. I forgot about that. Yes, I did.
TRAVIS: Yeah, nice job.
TALIESIN: I've never seen you blush before.
LIAM: She is quite pale. It's hard to tell.
ASHLEY: Well, what do we need--
TRAVIS: She doesn't like the spotlight.
LIAM: Attention's a bitch, isn't it?
ASHLEY and LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Nein!
ASHLEY: Nein.
TALIESIN: We should probably go to the blacksmith
at some point.
MATT: Easily enough at the blacksmith, for the
sake of brevity here. Yeah, you can pick up--
LIAM: A thousand throwing stars.
MARISHA: Yeah, for ten gold. Just ball bearings
and throwing stars.
MATT: For a single dart, which is the equivalent.
We'll say there are darts and there are, we'll say
throwing stars. Sure, why not? Because of the
Archive's nearby, there probably would be a use
for them. They're not often called for. It's
probably a surprise that somebody wanted to
purchase them, but they have about 20, we'll say,
throwing stars, which act as darts, for five
copper a piece.
LIAM: I hand Yasha one of the ten gold that Beau
gave me. This is Beau's money, so I think she'd
want you to purchase them.
ASHLEY: Well, she gave you the money.
LIAM: Yeah, but she doesn't like me very much.
ASHLEY: Well maybe that will make her like you
more.
LIAM: That's doubtful.
ASHLEY: Why do you think that?
LIAM: Why do I think it's doubtful she will like
me? She has threatened me constantly. She is very
aggressive. She's very surly. She doesn't smile a
lot unless there is a spell cast on her. I've only
seen her punch people in the face.
TALIESIN: Has she punched you in the face yet?
LIAM: Give her time.
TALIESIN: I think she likes you.
ASHLEY: The only reason I might disagree is
because she did give you money.
TALIESIN: I'll take that money. It'll be no
problem.
LIAM: I give one gold to Yasha and I hold on to
the other nine.
ALL: Nein.
ASHLEY: What are you going to do with the rest of
the money?
LIAM: I'm going to give it back to her.
TALIESIN: We can, to be fair, get all 20 of those
throwing darts for one gold.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: Okay. So the transaction completed, you have
a bunch of these throwing stars. They're metallic.
They're triangular in shape and bladed at the
edges. Pretty light.
ASHLEY: Can I test one out?
MATT: Sure. Go ahead and roll a d20.
TALIESIN: Yeah!
ASHLEY: Nope. Seven. No, sorry. Nine.
ALL: Nein!
MATT: You throw it towards this post and it
(whoosh). (whinnies) This horse all of a sudden
bucks and kicks the side of the stable nearby and
you hear the wood crack from the kick. All of the
sudden you hear voices of the two stable hands
trying to hold back this horse. So it's 19
throwing stars.
ASHLEY: Fuck, sorry.
TALIESIN: It was worth it.
ASHLEY: Admittedly, I'm not good at throwing
things, but it looked really cool.
TRAVIS: Did we bring Horris with us?
MARISHA: No, I'm watching him. While you guys are
doing this, I'm like: Check under your bed. Did
you leave anything behind? Go pee. One last time,
man. Come on, come on.
LIAM: Too real for me, too real.
TRAVIS: Camp counselor Beau. Incredible.
MATT: Caleb, Molly, and Jester, actually, as you
guys are walking back, you notice that there are
now clusters of about three or four crownsguard at
different places that are in the process of asking
questions to people, going from place to place and
inquiring.
TALIESIN: I am going to turn around and
immediately head towards the other bar. The
Evening Nip.
SAM: Jester's not with us.
MATT: Right, she's not with you. You're right.
TALIESIN: I'm going to let you know. Tell them I'm
hiding at the bar and I'll meet them there when
it's time.
LIAM: We see guards asking around?
MATT: Yeah, like talking to people, asking
questions.
LIAM: Okay. I am just going to pull my cloak up
and put the hood up. That's all.
MATT: Okay. You guys make your way back to The
Leaky Tap. There, what little Horris had on him, a
little bit of change and materials to leave, is
ready to go. Beau and Jester are propped and ready
as well, I assume? What do you guys do?
SAM: Should we go on our mission or should we get
rid of Horris?
TRAVIS: Well, we're dropping him off.
LIAM: Well, Horris is part of the mission.
TRAVIS: Yeah we'll be dropping him off at The
Evening Nip.
LIAM: We should go. Let's make hay while the sun
shines.
SAM: Drop off Horris and then go. Do we know where
we're going for this mission?
TRAVIS: A mile out of town.
MARISHA: The Evening Nip, and then they're going
to escort us out.
SAM: Okay.
TRAVIS: We'll be blinded.
ASHLEY: Beau, Caleb got these for you.
MARISHA: (gasps) Perfect! Thank you.
ASHLEY: There were 20, but one of them fell out of
the bag.
LIAM: Yes, they were so heavy and I am so weak
that I gave them to Yasha to carry. Here's your change.
MARISHA: Thank you. Why are you acting so weird
about this?
LIAM: I'm just weird in general.
MARISHA: Thanks for the change. Thank you, Yasha.
ASHLEY: One of them's missing, but I think it fell
out of the--
SAM: It was an accident. There was nothing
suspicious about it.
ASHLEY: I think it fell out of the bag.
TRAVIS: We should go. Okay. Horris, we're going to
try and get you out of here.
MATT: "Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Whatever you
need."
TRAVIS: What?
LIAM: This is a Liam thing, not a Caleb thing.
MATT: Yeah?
LIAM: I'm just going to say, right now, where we
are, Frumpkin, I'm telling him to follow us all,
about 55 to 60 feet back behind us.
MATT: Okay. Easy enough. All right. As you guys
make your way towards The Evening Nip, Horris is
looking a bit nervous, but does look around and
seems genuinely very thankful. He's like,
"Seriously, this means a lot. To both me and
Dolan. Thank you."
MARISHA: Yeah, you're welcome. And then I put a
bag over his head and I say sorry, sorry.
TRAVIS: I think that can probably wait until we
are at The Evening Nip.
MARISHA: Well, he can't see where we're going,
right?
TRAVIS: Yeah, sure he can. We just don't want
crownsguard thinking we're walking around a hooded person.
MARISHA: I figured we're-- All right.
MATT: Probably hold on that until we get-- We'll
say, for the purposes of this, you're pretty close
to The Evening Nip when you do this.
TRAVIS: Okay. We made it. Now's the time.
MARISHA: Okay, okay. Now over his head.
LIAM: 6:00am, wake up!
TRAVIS: We're just pushing around a guy with a bag
on his head. Hey! Nah, it's cool.
MATT: He's had too much to drink?
MARISHA: He's going through a Jake Gyllenhaal
phase.
TRAVIS: (high pitched) His eyes are dilated.
LIAM: Happy Halloween!
MATT: You guys enter The Evening Nip. Clive is
there at the end. "Hey. You're a friend with a bag?"
TRAVIS: We made arrangements with The Gentleman
downstairs.
MATT: "All right." (grunts) He leads you to the
back, shoves things off of the latch, pulls up the
trapdoor, down the stairs, and you eventually make
your way back into the tavern below, where
Mollymauk is waiting nervously, drinking.
LIAM: I don't like the proximity here. Frumpkin's
gone, out there. Then once we're in the
speakeasy-- sorry, I just ate a cracker.
MATT: That's okay.
LIAM: Frumpkin's under a table.
MATT: Okay. Gotcha. All right. As you guys head
back down, Horris is like, "I trust you guys. I
trust you." You make your way down. The room is
not as busy as it was last you left. There's maybe
six individuals in there. Most of them are the
individuals who were previously posted with rifles
or new individuals also posted with rifles up at
the top. There is The Gentleman, finishing a meal
at the table with Sorah, his bodyguard, at the
side. "Ah! I see you've made it." He sets the
things down, pushes the plate to the side. "So I
take it this is your contraband?"
SAM: Yes.
MATT: "Very well. And you would wish this
smuggling to head where? Our cleanest, to be fair,
our cleanest means of smuggling out would be
actually through the river after you pass through,
as that leads us to the northern swamps of
Berleben. And that would be probably one of the
safest spaces still easily able to keep him out of
sight and to a safe space out of the Crownsguard's watch."
TRAVIS: Outstanding. We defer to your expertise.
MATT: "Great. Then we'll wait an hour after your
passage forward and send your contraband on his
way to safety with two individuals to escort him
and lead him to civilization beyond the outskirts.
Sound fair?"
SAM: Yes.
TRAVIS: Sounds fair.
MATT: "Very well. Take care of him, please." They
pull the shoulders of Horris back and Horris is
like, "All right. Be safe."
TRAVIS: It's all right. Go with them. You'll be
fine.
MATT: "And you know what? Kara and, we'll say,
Dweez. You go ahead and lead them down to the--"
SAM: Dweez.
MATT: "Lead them, blindfolded of course, through
the underworks to docks and send them up the way
to their agreed upon task." You see Kara come back
through one of the doors on the steps and behind,
you see that creepy gnome from earlier sitting
behind.
MARISHA: Dweez.
MATT: (creepy chuckling) Kara goes, "All right.
Well," and she pulls a few pieces of cloth. It
looks like they're used to moving individuals
through, and they have already prepared blindfolds
in place. She passes them out to you and instructs
you all to put on a blindfold and take a hand.
LIAM: As soon as the blindfold is on, I'm going to
pass my sight and hearing over to Frumpkin.
MARISHA: Nice!
TALIESIN: That's a good call.
LIAM: If it works.
MARISHA: I'll hold on to Caleb to make sure he can
still walk.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Thanks, blind woman.
MARISHA: Well, they said all hold hands.
LIAM: Okay. Yeah. (boof)
MATT: Who's at the very front and who's at the
very back of this chain?
TRAVIS: I'll stay at the front.
MARISHA: Sorry. Doing the best I can. Sorry.
LIAM: (whack) Sorry!
MATT: Fjord front.
MARISHA: Sorry! Had to get an opportunity in.
MATT: Who's in the back?
TRAVIS: Wouldn't mind having some muscle up
front.
ASHLEY: Okay. I'll be behind Grog-- Fjord.
TALIESIN: I'll go behind Yasha.
MATT: Okay, who's after Mollymauk?
TRAVIS: Jester?
MATT: Jester, all right. Who's after Jester?
MARISHA: I'm with Caleb in the back.
MATT: Okay. Nott?
SAM: I'll hold onto Caleb as well.
TALIESIN: Yeah, that's a good order.
MATT: So there, and we have Frumpkin trailing
behind at the very back. So Fjord, at the very
front, Kara takes your hand and begins pulling,
and in the very, very back, Caleb, this tiny gnome
hand grabs your hand and goes, "(heh heh) Hold on.
(heh heh)."
LIAM: This is okay.
MATT: They loop you through the room a few times
to discombobulate you, and direction in the
chamber, and pull you through in different ways,
to prevent you from orienting where you were and
where you're going. Eventually you're led through
a doorway, you hear some things shift, and then
turned around a bit, and then led down a ladder.
The ladder goes down for about 20 or so feet
before your feet touch some sort of soft dirt,
packed dirt-type feeling. The sound of the music
and chatter vanishes up ahead and you hear, as
soon as you all head down the ladder, a latch
close and lock above you.
LIAM: How did my cat do?
MATT: Your cat managed to-- actually, make a
stealth check.
MARISHA: Come on, kitty! Come on, Frumpkin!
MATT: For Frumpkin.
LIAM: Oh shit.
TRAVIS: What?
LIAM: Total shit. Five!
MATT: Five?
LIAM: Yes.
MATT: As Frumpkin's trying to trail behind, Dweez
turns and goes, "(heh) No! (heh heh)" and puts a
hand out and grabs Frumpkin by the scruff and
holds Frumpkin up, and then throws Frumpkin back
into the bar.
LIAM: Okay. If I saw that, I would snap my fingers
and make Frumpkin poof out.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: I'm going to bite my tongue and bring
Frumpkin back.
MATT: Okay. Dweez is clutching the back of your
hand and goes, (confused sound).
LIAM: It's just a nervous tic. I'm a nervous
fellow. Sorry.
MATT: (creepy laughter)
TRAVIS: What the fuck?! (laughs)
MATT: Okay. So you head back down. You are led
down a tunnel. It weaves a bit. You turn to the
right, down another tunnel for 100, 200, 300 feet.
LIAM: (snaps fingers) Frumpkin back in.
MATT: Frumpkin back in.
LIAM: 50 feet behind.
MATT: Right. You can see this a bit. These are
tight, individual tunnels. It feels almost like a
mine in the fact that it has occasionally a wood
structure for support between it. A lot of it is
packed with earth that's been carved out.
Eventually you'll split off into two and you'll
see what looks to be a small resting chamber with
another set of tables and a bunk. You go past
another area and there's occasional torchlight set
up on parts of the wall. You can see a couple of
shifty individuals that are in the process of
stacking crates somewhere.
LIAM: There's other people down here doing shit as
we walk by.
MATT: Yeah. They'll walk by you and occasionally
look. One of them will stop and inspect and move
on. No one seems to fuck with you at the minute
because you're with Kara. In fact, one of them
seems to get close to you and looks and sees Dweez
and goes (ugh) and just moves on. You do hear a
noise, a strange like (guttural animal snorting)
and you hear (whip crack) (animal grunting)
echoing down the hall. You move around one spot
and there's one archway that Frumpkin passes by,
looking down, and you can see there's a pit, and
there are a number of cages set up in there, about
four of them, that have different creatures
inside. It's too low-lit for Frumpkin to really
see from this distance what's in there, but one of
them is currently having a bit of a conniption fit
and you see three cloaked figures that are on the
outside. One of them is trying to whip elements of
it that are coming at it; the other one is trying
to prod it in the sides and it's getting agitated.
LIAM: (as Jester) Jester has a question. She would
like to know what it smells like in here.
MATT: At this point, it smells like wet dirt and
earth. That's about it. It smells like a dank
subterranean tunnel. As you pass by the creature
smell, you can smell hints of dung, fresh and old,
and some sort of pheromone, like a very strong
pheromone that's very unpleasant, the scent.
Continuing on, you move through another tunnel.
Another figure walks by and stops as you pass and
watches you as you continue. Down another set of
stairs, and then eventually, the echo begins to
get a little louder. Your feet hit wood. Frumpkin
can see this as you pass in. You've hit a dock.
This is now a natural cavern. The moisture catches
you first. What was initially a somewhat cavernous
damp has now become very moist and you can hear
the slight sound of a river moving through.
Frumpkin can see this, too. There's an entire
underground river that is now curving past this
entrance way, leading in two different directions.
Along this river, you can see there are a few
lanterns that are set up with this soft, greenish
glow. They're perpetually burning in certain areas
and are bolted into the rock and stone. There on
the side of this dock, you can see four different
boats that are currently roped and tied to the
edge there. There is a figure sitting on a stool
who is taking a dagger and moving it on the edge
of one of the wooden poles that is on the very
outside end of the dock. At this point, all of
your blindfolds are removed and you've come to the
end of this part of the journey.
SAM: Oh.
MATT: Kara says, "Sorry about that, but you were
respectful. Thank you." She collects the
blindfolds, and Dweez, who is still clutching your
hand, lets go and goes (creepy chuckle).
SAM: Ugh.
MATT: Kara goes, "All right. Two of these ships
are yours to use. You're heading up that path
there about a mile or so. It's with the river,
thankfully, so the stream will be carrying you
through. A set of paddles to each of you. Whoever
wants to helm that; that's up to you. Pay
attention: from what I've been told, you'll see
the change in the texture of the wall on the
left-hand side traveling northward. Look for the
small collapse on that end."
TRAVIS: Collapse in the wall.
MATT: "Correct. Be spry. Sometimes some creatures
do find their way living down here, so be ready to
move past quickly or find a way to duck them if
you can."
TRAVIS: We can take it from here.
MATT: "All right. Good luck!"
SAM: Thank you.
TRAVIS: You'll be able to find your way back,
right?
MATT: "We'll be fine."
TRAVIS: I'm not good at joking.
MATT: The guy at the edge of the docks sits up and
Kara goes, "The back two for these folks. Let them
go. Gentleman's orders." He doesn't say anything,
just sits up. You see the hood that's up, he pulls
it back a bit and you can see there is this older,
grizzled human with very short gray hair, deep
scar across the back of his head that curves off
to the top of where his receding hairline is. It's
just been very deep-set where the skin dimples
heavily along the edge of the scar. He's got this
very scruffy gray and white beard. His head's a
bit sunk into his shoulders. He walks over to the
edge and unties each of the boats and hands the
rope to one of you. The first one goes to Fjord,
and the other one just goes to Beau, goes back to
his station and sits down, sticks his blade in the
side of the wood and keeps wedging it in there.
You get a better look up there and you can see
this wood is splintered to shit on the top. This
guy has been, over time, slowly pushing away at
this wood for whatever amusement he needs to pass
the time down here where he's stationed.
TRAVIS: These boats look like they'll fit three to
four each?
MATT: These boats look like they'll fit about four
people each.
TRAVIS: Okay. All right. Two boats. Jester's in
mine. Yasha, you should go in the second boat.
We're going to need muscle in case we need to move
fast.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LIAM: I get in with Nott. In the Yasha boat.
SAM: Who's piloting our boat?
MARISHA: Yasha's one, and then Jester's the
other.
SAM: She's piloting-- do you know how to drive a
boat?
ASHLEY: Well, we'll find out.
SAM: (scared noise)
ASHLEY: Yes, I do.
SAM: Oh, okay. You're so needlessly scaring me for
no reason!
MATT: So we have Fjord, Jester, Molly, and Beau in
one boat? And Yasha and Caleb and Nott in the
other? Is that how it is?
MARISHA: Sure.
LIAM: And I send away Frumpkin.
MATT: Okay.
SAM: I'm going to place on my ring of water
walking that I stole from Jester.
TRAVIS: Is this a boat with like, two oars?
MATT: Two oars on each side, yeah.
TRAVIS: All right.
MATT: You guys all get in. It rocks a bit as you
all adjust your weight and find a place where the
boat itself isn't listing too far to one side or
the other. The river current is pulling it along,
so as soon as you step off, the last person
holding the rope, they immediately start following
the current of the river, which is not rapid, but
it is moving at a fair speed. You all gather
yourselves and follow it down, and as you
progress, you notice those green lanterns that are
lit only seem to cover the vicinity of that dock
until, eventually, you are going into a pitch
black cavern.
LIAM: On our own?
MATT: Hmm?
LIAM: We are all on our own here right?
MATT: You're all alone.
TRAVIS: Caleb?
LIAM: Ja?
TRAVIS: You want to do your--? Read my mind.
LIAM: (poof poof)
MARISHA: I bring out and put on the goggles.
LIAM: I let two of the globules hover around the
front of each boat. One at the front and one at
the back of each boat.
MATT: All right, so as the orbs--
MARISHA: So romantic, you guys!
LIAM and MATT: (singing) There you see her!
MATT and MARISHA: (singing) There across the way!
TRAVIS: (singing) Yah, yah, yah!
LIAM: (singing) She's got a giant sword, but who
cares? You've got to ask her!
MARISHA: (singing) Yah, yah, yah!
TALIESIN: Hey, Beau. I pull out one of the holy
water flasks. Think you know what to do with this?
MARISHA: I think I do!
TALIESIN: Just in case.
MARISHA: I put it away.
TALIESIN: Who do you think the other one should go
to?
MARISHA: Anyone who can beat face, but doesn't
have magic. Yasha, maybe? Nott?
TALIESIN: Maybe Nott might be safer.
SAM: What do I do with it?
TALIESIN: You're not in a boat with us.
SAM: (shouting) What do I do with it!?
MARISHA: You dip your ammunition in it.
TALIESIN: This one you throw?
MATT: This one you throw.
MARISHA: Oh, this one is a throwing one?
MATT: This isn't an oil, this is water.
MARISHA: Oh, never mind!
TALIESIN: Know how to throw stuff?
SAM: No, I've never thrown anything in my life.
TALIESIN: If there was a basket for trash and you
threw it--
SAM: As he's talking, I throw a gold coin at his
head.
MATT: Okay, roll a d20 and add your dexterity
modifier.
TALIESIN: Wow, that's exciting!
SAM: That's a d20, I mean, that's a natural 20.
TALIESIN: That doesn't count! That's cocked!
LIAM: Sure it counts! It counts doubly as much!
SAM: Do you want me to redo?
LIAM: No!
MATT: What are you doing?
SAM: Redo. Way less!
TALIESIN: Way less!
SAM: Dexterity what?
MATT: Add your dexterity modifier.
SAM: Ten.
MATT: It goes right past; you hear it (splash)
into the water below.
TALIESIN: I'll take that. So when we get into the
boat together, I'm going to give you the other
holy water flask.
LIAM: (as Jester) "How big is the chamber we are
traveling in?"
MATT: The chamber seems to shift at times.
Sometimes it squeezes in where it's just the river
and the edges of the tunnel at about 15 feet from
side to side.
LIAM: (as Jester) "With my darkvision, how high is
the ceiling in here?"
MATT: The ceiling is roughly 15 feet as well. 15
to ten feet; sometimes it coasts down and becomes a
bit lower. It is a natural river so--
LIAM: (as Jester) "I grab the edge of the boat, and
I say: Oskar! Is there no echo?"
MATT: (echoing) Oskar!
LIAM: (as Jester) "That was pretty good!"
MATT: As you guys head deeper into the
subterranean tunnels towards your destination,
weapons at your side, prepared for whatever comes
in the near future--
LIAM: God damn, he's going to end the game!
ALL: No!
MATT: We're going to go ahead and end tonight's
game.
LIAM: Damn it!
MATT: We don't have Laura here. We've had two
episodes that went four plus hours. My back's
hurting a little.
LIAM: Four more hours! Mimosas!
TRAVIS: The people marathoning right now will be
grateful to hear that.
LIAM: Come on!
TALIESIN: And you have a holy water now.
LIAM: It's like playing a video game for 30
minutes. It's so unsatisfying!
MATT: We've been here for three hours!
TRAVIS: I know it's coming. I know stuff is
coming.
MATT: So yeah, before we get too deep into this,
we'll go ahead and pick up next week when Laura
can join us.
MARISHA: Feel better, Laura!
TALIESIN: Please feel better.
MATT: We'll pick up from there. Once again guys,
thank you so much for tuning in. Check out the
awesomeness of 826LA and the stuff we are doing
with them. Check out Pillars of Eternity 2 and the
really cool stuff that we are doing with them! And
yeah, we'll be back into this next week. Until
then guys, have a wonderful week, we love you, and
is it Thursday yet?
TRAVIS: No! Nein!
[music]